---
title: "You Are Supported in Your Struggle"
menu_title: ""
description: "Jerome says You Are Supported in Your Struggle"
date: 2016-05-29 22:02:46+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 414
---
# You Are Supported in Your Struggle

September 12<sup>th</sup>, 2016

Received by: Al Fike

Belgrade, Serbia


I am Jerome. I was martyred many years ago and now I am an inhabitant of the Celestial Kingdom and I have come to state my commitment to you, my son, to assist you in this work in this land, a land that has been filled with strife and war for many, many centuries. 

The conditions within this land are heavy indeed, its earth soaked with blood. The minds of those who inhabit this place are filled with fear and judgement, anger, and yet there are those who wish to break free from these conditions. Those who are young, those who have been educated, those who have ambitions for a better life in this land and in this way they are more open, my brother, to what you have to tell them. You must persist in your efforts. When you feel compelled to move forward in a certain way please do so with the understanding that you are guided and inspired by God.

It is not easy to be the lone man walking the streets with a message of truth. I understand your plight for I too walked the streets with my truth when I lived in this world. And though it is very unlikely you will have my fate, still the arrows of criticism and scorn will come your way. It is hard for mankind to put aside their armor, their error, their anger, and their mistrust to come to God as you have come to God, my son. This vulnerability, this innocence has been difficult for you as it is for all and you continue to strip away the layers that hold you back from God. And this is painful, this is frustrating as the patterns within your mind continue in their defensive way to shut out the intense feelings that come from your soul. My brother, every leader who is close to God, every teacher of the truth, every soul aspiring to be in harmony with God, confronts these conditions within them, who they are in their ways unique, in many ways they are the same. 

Fear, anger, hurt, judgement, anger, fear, confusion; the wounds of a life and for some these wounds go very deep and it is difficult to revisit these places, to acknowledge those feelings of being unloved, to see that others have hurt you, to be alone in this pain. My brother, you are never alone. You are never alone and God will sooth your pain if you but let Him place his Hand upon your wounds, place his Love within your soul, infilling those dark corners, so rarely visited, so buried under your resolve to be strong. And so it is with so many, a resolute stubbornness to carry on in the human condition, to accept their fate, to carry their burdens, to be weighed down by the darkness of this world.

My son, you have chosen differently. You have chosen liberation, truth, love, and this is not easy for it is easy to be blind and mute, walking in this world without thought of something deeper than the material gratifications. This is easier but it comes at a great price and you realize this within your soul. You understand that you must struggle forth into that pure Light and indeed your soul has been touched by the Love of God. It continues to grow and in this way it will push out the darkness and the pain. The wounds must heal but as long as your mind continues to push and repress what must come forth you remain in a deadlock and in a dilemma in your being that saps your energy, your spiritual Light. This too is a common occurrence amongst those who wish to be cleansed by the Father’s Love. This resistance, this denial, and often an accusation that these feelings come from another or from a spirit or from a situation. No, my beloveds, those negative reactions belong to you, those feelings of depression, those feelings of hurt, those difficult thoughts, judgements, they come from you and this is not to say that all of these conditions originated by your actions. No, my beloveds, this is a reflection of the conditions of this world, the conditions of your bloodline, the conditions that were placed within you as innocent children. No, there are many reasons for these encrustations of the soul and errors of the mind. 

Nonetheless, no matter the source, it is your responsibility and your struggle to take the actions necessary to cleanse your soul and God’s Love begins the process, ignites a great flame that will burn away these encrustations, but it is for you to acknowledge what lay within you. It is for you to be strong enough to look. It is for you to have enough faith to lay these burdens to God and say *“Heavenly Father, these are my burdens, this is my cloak of pain, this is the armor which I don in order to navigate this life and I wish that you would take it all, wipe me clean, dear Father. Make me pure with your Love. Allow me to walk in joy, in strength, in Love, in clarity, in Light”.* With this prayer you will find your way and there will be a great healing in your being and a joy will grow where there was once tears, and a perception and a shift of perspective will emerge within you bringing forth greater clarity within your mind and an awakening of the mind of your soul. 

This is the journey, beloveds. This is what must take place if you are to fulfill that deep purpose that God has placed within you. For without the cleansing and the healing, without your humble recognition that you too are part of the human race and the human condition and you too must struggle for the Light and don the mantle of Truth in the process. One step at a time, beloveds. One step at a time and you will find your liberation, and you will find your destiny and you will walk the path that God has designated for you, beloved souls, as his channels of Love in the world. And each of you is at a different place upon this journey but you’re all heading in the same direction and this will lead to many opportunities of service and you will come to know your true destiny, beloved souls, the true being that is you, that at times is smothered by your mind and the conditions of this world, and at times is in revealed in prayer, in its service of love. 

You will find your way, my son. I will be with you in your efforts. I will help you to release your burdens. I will be by your side as will many other angels who are eager to support you upon your journey and your mission to bring healing and Love to this place, this part of the world, so downtrodden by so much pain. Go to the churches. Go to the meeting places. Go along the streets. Say your prayers as you walk. Say your prayers as you join in the services of the churches. Continue to be the humble servant of God and do not let the error that you hear uttered by those within those churches inhibit the flow of your love. True humility is acceptance. True humility is adding your love to those who are seeking the Light, however false their beliefs. Each soul is a child of God. Each soul is seeking God and with your presence and your faith you will add your Light to their efforts. 

God bless you, beloved souls. I am very happy to be able to speak this day through this instrument. There will be more guidance as time moves on in your journeys. God bless you, I am Jerome. I love you, I am with you and I am with the people of this land, their struggles for Light. God bless you.   

