---
title: "A beautiful light grows, signaling the awakening of your souls"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem says A beautiful light grows, signaling the awakening of your souls"
date: 2020-05-27 07:31:16+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 354
---
# A beautiful light grows, signaling the awakening of your souls

August 12<sup>th</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada 

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you beloved souls. Yes, you are becoming quite acclimatized to being elevated into these higher spheres. This is very pleasing to us, that you are making the effort needed to be in conditions of light so that the work that we continue to engage with you may be fulfilled in this condition of light. This instrument has recently written about the difference in mediumship with the Divine Love as part of what is required to bring through celestial angels. Direct Voice is another form of mediumship and it does indeed require the blessing of the Divine Love within each one of you to make it viable. So with the gift of Divine Love within your souls we are able to lift you into a condition that is quite unlike the Earthly condition. It helps you to be in harmony, greater harmony with us and to be more receptive to the chemicals that we are using to harmonize you all together as well as to be receptive to other changes that we are making within each one of you, in your physical bodies, in your spirit bodies. It is the power of Divine Love within your souls beloveds that makes it possible to absorb these energies, chemicals and conditions that are conditioning you for the expression of direct voice. We keep bringing you higher, into greater light. You are in greater harmony within yourself and you establish a deeper rapport with we in spirit, thus enabling us to work together more completely and in greater harmony. 

This gift is coming beloveds. It will come. Each of you are making a great effort to bring it to fruition. You are making a great effort with each day to pray to be closer to God, to be in greater harmony within yourself, with each other, with the world. These efforts will bring its reward. Your prayers will bring their blessings. As we continue to work together you will feel many changes within your physical body, different sensations. You will become more sensitive to the presence of spirit and to the energies that are around you. You are opening up the faculties of your souls and this brings a deep sense of reality to these conditions, not only in your world, but the energetic conditions of all the worlds in which a soul inhabits. So insights will be coming, visions, intuitive understanding, clarity and peace. All that is required of you my beloveds, is the continuation of this commitment towards prayer and towards uplifting yourselves in all the ways that we have requested. You are incrementally sloughing off the conditions that are not in harmony and not conducive towards the manifestation of this gift, thus edging closer to God. 

Continue with these preparations beloveds. Continue in your prayers as often as you can. These efforts will bring great reward, a deep awakening within you and the gifts that you so long for will unfold with these and with the pacing, the timing that is in harmony with God's Will.  You will find yourselves changing your routines, seeking out more quiet times to be in prayer, being satisfied with simpler activities in your daily life, feeling a sense of God within you, the angels close by, a deep peace, a sense that all is well as you sustain this upliftment, this condition of light around you. This is all part of your preparation, the attunement of your soul, your body, your spirit, your mind to greater harmony with God and His Laws of Love. 
Listen to God's whisper in your soul that will guide you with each day. 

There is no need to be anxious or have a sense that you must do something that is worthy of God. Beloved souls, you are worthy of God's blessings and you may be a channel for His Love and Will in the world by just being in this light, by being in greater light and harmony. God can use you in this condition for the work that carries on for the benefit of mankind. You do not have to toil and fret and worry that you are doing God's Will, that you are fulfilling His desire that you serve humanity. It is more important that you be at peace at this time, that you spend more time in prayer, that you spend time nurturing your bodies, your spirits and your souls. There are times when God encourages you to be very active in the world, like a bee going from flower to flower, pollinating as you go, bringing the truth, your love, your comfort and God's blessings wherever you go. Then there are times of quiet reflection, a deep harmonization with God. This rhythm, this flow in your life, you will become more attuned towards, and you will sense when there is time and a need to be out in the world doing the will of God, and time to be in the world of your communion with the Creator. This is when the wisdom of your soul speaks to you beloveds, knowing what is important for the moment, knowing that your guidance tells you what to do, knowing the balance and the harmony that comes when you are God's instrument. 

Deep peace is with you now beloved souls. Deep peace and light. His Love flowing into your souls. Breathe deep these blessings. Rest in the bosom of God. Allow His Love and healing to wash over you. Tomorrow is another day. Each day will be different. Each day blessed and guided. God is caring for you beloved souls. Be receptive, choose to be uplifted, choose to be in harmony, choose to receive His Love in great abundance and all will unfold. All will come to pass in the will and plan of God for the salvation of mankind. You are deeply connected to God within your souls. This is where the wisdom will come. This is where the gifts will manifest. This is where the joy resides, as does this deep peace. You are blessed beloveds. You are His children and you acknowledge this in your prayers, your efforts, your desires and how you walk in the world. It is your testimony to love and may you continue to truly know love and express it with every breath and to receive it every time you take a breath. 

God bless you beloveds. I am your Seretta Kem and I am so very, very happy to see the light grow. Your efforts and your intentions for love continue to blossom. Much is awaiting you beloved souls. The power of love builds within you. The beautiful light grows, signaling the awakening of your souls. God's Hand is firmly upon you. Indeed, you are blessed. Indeed, you are loved. God bless you beloveds. Seretta Kem loves you. Until we meet again, God bless you, God bless you.