---
title: "Advice on How to Curtail the Degeneration of Spiritual Condition"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem gives Advice on How to Curtail the Degeneration of Spiritual Condition"
date: 2020-05-13 12:20:28+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 352
---
# Advice on How to Curtail the Degeneration of Spiritual Condition

January 21<sup>st</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I am Seretta Kem. Once again we come together in prayer, to be together in the Light of God's Love, to seek His Blessings for our souls and to bring forth the wisdom of our souls that we may enact this wisdom within our lives.

Beloved souls, I see you have made further plans to come together for the gift of direct voice and we are happy that you have made these efforts and wish to continue in this way. I do not have a great deal of concern that not all of you will be present within this circle. As I have guided this instrument, we can carry one soul who cannot be present and will integrate the energies and the development with that individual soul as you sit together in development for direct voice. So I wish for the dear soul not to be concerned or over anxious regarding not being present. This can be overcome, these conditions, for there is little distance when it comes to the energies of the soul. Yet, your presence together, the majority of you together, does have its benefits and opens up certain possibilities that cannot be done in this particular condition in which you sit at this moment. I do not wish to say that you are ineffective in these prayers together, for you truly are in many ways, many ways. We are appreciative and joyful that you continue to rededicate yourselves for the growth of your souls and for the growth of this gift. I say bless you for this my beloveds, bless you. May God continue to pour His Love within your souls, to uplift you in His Light, to know the great peace and joy that comes with the blessing of God's Love.

I wish to make further comment. I perceive that there is some degeneration regarding your spiritual condition my beloveds. This was to be expected since you are not following the routines that you carried out when you were together. I implore you my beloved souls to carry the responsibilities and the efforts required, that have been well laid out to you. That you carry these actions and efforts forth with each day. Though you are not gathered together each day as you were, you are still in the flow and process of developing this gift and require yourselves to be attuned and in harmony with those conditions which are required to develop this gift. Though I do not suggest that the degeneration of your spiritual condition, and I am not referring to your souls when I say this, but merely the light around you and the conditions in which you are engaged with, each day that affect you; that these conditions can rapidly deteriorate if they are not attended to, if your light is not added to and if your prayers do not have the fervency that they once did. This is a human condition and approach, to be focused on what is readily in front of you, and when that focus is released and it is easy to forget, to not be so attuned. This is a human condition.

You have set yourself a goal that is high and requires a great deal of effort and commitment. So I remind you of this my beloveds. I remind you that in order to be successful with this venture, you must continue to carry this commitment and these efforts with each day, to seek for the highest, to be in good spiritual condition, to be prayerful, to set forth your desires to God in prayer and to be clear within your minds what it is that you desire. Without this alignment of mind and soul, thought and desire, joy and love, we cannot readily come close and work with you with each day to bring forth a continuation of this development. So for us to be able to continue to work with you, we encourage you to set aside the concerns and worries and mental fluctuations, to put forth and forward your faith and to be eager and excited for the prospects to come.

Again you are preparing for another session that is coming, so I wish to encourage in your preparations and prayers. Until we accomplish this task, your efforts must continue to be foremost and hopefully intensified each day. Yes we ask much of you my beloveds. We ask that you approach this with a certain spiritual maturity. For you have done your commitments and you recognize the responsibilities. We have not kept anything from you my beloveds in terms of knowing your roles in this venture. But alas it is easy to forget, to be distracted, to be engaged in the other activities of life which we do not suggest you shy away from - merely that you maintain this spiritual condition in whatever you do. This is your challenge as we have said, this is your challenge. This is difficult, for the mind is readily engaged as you go about your daily lives and your mind brings its focus away from God and into the material conditions of this world. 

So you must with your will and your desire pull your mind back to your soul condition and awareness, to walk in the world in this way, to be in the world but not of the world. This is the greatest challenge is it not? For years of patterns and thoughts and habits and routines continuously pull upon your consciousness to that which engages the world. Yet, God has invited you, entreated you to be with Him, to make this your foremost connection and reality - to be with Him in His Love, in His Beautiful Light, in that Peace, in that Joy.

So you continue to struggle between these two conditions, to see and observe yourself in this interplay and to be aware of the choices that you make. Those choices are so reflexive and easy to come to the material condition, to respond from that level of awareness. Indeed you have an excitement within your souls, a deep desire. You come to life from a different perspective: one that is dominated by the soul rather than by the mind, one that is in harmony with God's Will, one that is infused with His Love, one that is of truth rather than the shallow perceptions of the material mind. You are growing my beloveds and as with any undertaking of change and growth, there are set backs and strides ahead. 

We wish to encourage you upon your further progress forward and assure you that we are with you my beloveds, we are with you. Our love is with you, our support. We influence where we can. We bring the Light, we encourage your soul and your mind. Know that we are with you beloveds. We understand your struggles. We do not judge you or condemn you for these struggles, for this is an epic struggle, one which few accept in their lives for it is extremely challenging. Yet we see within you such great strength, such deep desire to press forward to accomplish your goals, not only in developing this gift of direct voice but in bringing yourselves to a place of great light and service for humanity. This is why we continue to make these efforts, to put forth this invitation to be with you in the outpourings of your soul and expressions of your gifts. You are the Father's Children. You are in His Light. He embraces you. He nurtures you. He loves you and this shall always be, my beloveds - this shall always be. You will find your way upon this path, and you will accomplish your goals. How quickly this is accomplished is up to your individual choices and efforts. We continue together beloved souls. We are with you. Our love is with you. Our presence is with you. God bless you beloveds. God keep you in His Light and Love. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem and I love you. God bless you.