---
title: "All Gifts Come through the Love of God"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem says All Gifts Come through the Love of God"
date: 2020-05-22 07:28:57+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 356
---
# All Gifts Come through the Love of God

June 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

May your souls continue to receive the great inflowing of the Father’s Love, so that you may progress in this Love, that your souls may expand and develop and flower and bear fruit in this great gift that God has given you and continues to give to you each day, each moment in prayer. It is never ending, never withheld, but freely given as you ask to receive. 

Beloved souls you see how you are reaching out into the world, that God uses you to touch many others, that each day brings a new opportunity, a new experience. A new door opens so that you may indeed be His channel of Love in the world.  Many are reaching out towards you, my beloveds and many feel drawn. Many know within their souls that they must come to you. They feel something within you that draws them close and opens their hearts, beloved souls. You continue to be God’s channels of Love. Even as you desire the blessing of the direct voice, God continues to open your souls in many other ways in order to utilize gifts yet unknown to you. Some are emerging and you are able to recognize something new within you, something that has awakened in your soul.  This will continue, this awakening, the emergence of many elements and aspects of your soul that God has touched deeply and has pulled these things to your consciousness so that you may come to know the wonderful garden that He has planted within each of your souls, unique and resplendent with many beautiful flowers and gifts of Love. 

The momentum builds, beloved souls, the momentum builds, and you move forward.  No matter what you do now, you will be a channel of His Love each day. The power of the Love that He has placed within your souls will ensure that others will receive a blessing, a gift through you.  Whether you are aware or not, it will come. This is the manifestation of God’s Plan for the salvation of mankind and it requires souls to awaken in the Love. Like a bee in the garden, you flit from one flower to another pollenating as you go, bringing a touch of Truth, a touch of Love to others. This is God’s Plan, my beloveds. It is that touch within the soul of another, a soul that longs and has a deep desire to be touched by God’s Love. You bring this sweet nectar to each soul. You continue to infill with His Love that pours forth through you, my beloveds. It will continue to pour ever more intensely. Your lives will be an expression of Love. The source of your joy will be the expression of God’s Love within you and through you. 

You will continue to be uplifted, healed and brought ever closer to the Fountainhead of all Love. So the joy will increase and multiply within you and all about you. Those conditions of the world which caused you pain and aggravation in the past will fall away. You will see the world differently and you will know yourselves differently. You will express yourselves differently as the power of the Divine Essence transforms you, my beloveds. Let His Love enrich your lives and bring you to a place of peace and harmony. Know that the power of His Love will surely bring peace and harmony. As you grow in this way, you inch ever closer to the gift of direct voice.  It manifests with Love. It comes as the mighty rush of God’s Love invades every part of your soul and your being. You are uplifted to such a degree that this gift of direct voice will be a natural outcome of your soul's awakening. For it is implanted within each one of you that is a part of this group, the seeds are there. They sprout and grow in the environment of Love. They will continue to come to that place of fruition. 

Continue in your prayers, my beloveds. Continue to pray together in your routines and circles expressing love, expressing the desires of your souls to God. Be strong in the light. Allow God to guide you, beloved souls, to carry you with each day, to uphold, to teach and to bless you. All these things come with the Light within your souls.  As they grow stronger, so you draw more blessings, more gifts and a deeper awakening. I dare say if you look back to a year ago, have you not changed? Do you not feel greater joy?  Do you not sense the awakening that is taking place within you? Do you not acknowledge with greater faith God’s Touch within you?  It all comes with simple prayer and longing. The more you can focus in this way, seeking God in this way, the more blessings will come. That door that you long to be opened will be opened, my beloveds. You will find the unfolding of a great Plan and you are a part of this Plan. You walk upon a path designated by God. You join together in this wondrous effort, this expression, these many expressions of Love. Allow the Love to cleanse you, my beloveds. Let go of all those old ways and thoughts that do not bring harmony. Allow the Love to transform those places within you and those aspects of your mind that are stuck in old habits and ways of being. Allow the power of Love to do its work and bring its healing and peace to you, my beloveds. You are all children of God, beloved of God, a unique creation of God. Together you bring a powerful Light, a treasure trove of gifts and abilities that God will utilize in the coming days and years ahead to change the conditions of this world and bring Light and harmony to mankind. 

Continue in your efforts, beloved souls. Seek God above all else. Be with God above all else. Have faith that God is with you and all will unfold as it should in God’s Timing and Grace. You will see how your life will continue to be enriched and full with many opportunities and many blessings. Many avenues upon your path of service and much Truth will be given to you, my beloveds, as your souls awaken and are able to receive so it shall be given and you will understand and absorb these Truths which God wishes to give to you so that you may give to others.  God bless you my beloveds. I am Seretta Kem.  My love is with you.  I continue to accompany you upon this journey. To assist you, to guide you to be God’s instrument for Love. God bless you and I love you dearly, each one, precious, beautiful.  I love you. God bless you.