---
title: "All Relies on Soul"
menu_title: ""
description: "Matthew says All Relies on Soul"
date: 2020-06-03 07:27:15+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 358
---
# All Relies on Soul

October 2<sup>nd</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you, I am Matthew. We once again step forward, placing our faith in God, seeking our highest selves and highest inclinations and motivations to bring light to ourselves, to each other and to this work that we have taken on. I want to reiterate that the resources of heaven are at your disposal, but you must realize that although we may put great, great effort into this work, it is most relied upon you and your efforts to be successful. 

Anything may be manifested in heaven my beloveds, but here on earth there are restrictions and complications. Think of it as trying to pour a vast amount of water through a funnel. The water may only flow so much and so quickly through this funnel.  The wider the mouth of the funnel, the more can flow through. You are the mouth of the funnel, beloveds. The flow is predicated upon your efforts to expand your souls. For as your souls grow in the Father’s Love, as the constrictions within your soul are eliminated and encrustations released, so comes a greater capacity for the blessings from heaven to flow and flood this room and this world. This is how the laws of creation work, beloveds. For spiritual energies, and God’s blessings to flow into this world, it requires an instrument so that they may be enacted, realized and brought to this place. We have asked each one of you to work diligently, to awaken your soul in prayer, to discipline the thoughts of your minds so that love may flow into your thoughts and actions. Beloveds, we continue to encourage you in this regard and you have listened to our encouragement and acted upon it.  You continue to seek for the awakening of your souls, the expansion of your soul in love. This, in turn, expands the possibilities of what may be manifest in this group.

Now you have grown, you have remarked upon the changes that have occurred within you in the last year. You have each taken your challenges seriously to have your souls expand in light and love, to change the motivations of your life so that it may be more in alignment with God’s Will, to be a channel of love and to work together diligently releasing all barriers and constrictions amongst you. The results are tangible, beloved souls. The light in this room amongst you and within your souls is brighter than it was the last time that you all met. We are greatly pleased with your progress. But the restrictions that are inherent in this world continue to affect our work. So your efforts, and ours, must remain focused, consistent and prayerful so that we all move together with great faith and in our coming together in prayer, in contemplation, with a desire to be uplifted and to co-mingle the energies required for the development of this gift amongst you all. We will most assuredly do our part, beloved souls. We continue to encourage you to do yours with each moment. Each moment may there be a longing, a heartfelt longing to God to continue to awaken your souls and awaken the great possibilities that are inherent within each of your souls. Though these constrictions exist, the power of love is such that they will be removed. Rather than that flow constricted in this condition of the world, it will expand until a great flood of light and love, blessings of all kinds, may pour upon you and envelop you and carry you along this mighty river of light. The power of Love, beloveds, this you must keep foremost in your minds, acknowledging that anything is possible with the power of Love. The power of God’s Love is the greatest power in all the universe and you continue to receive this gift, in ever greater abundance. It flows and percolates into your souls, loosening and removing all obstacles therein. 

You have been given a great gift. You have made a very noble choice to come together in this way. Few would even conceive of what you have chosen and very few, even with this understanding, would choose what you have chosen, beloved souls. Your efforts are exceptional, your faith is great and your desire is for the highest. You have walked upon this world with the intent of bringing light, change and joy with God’s Touch upon it. This understanding can only come from the soul. When this desire emerges from within you, know that it comes from the soul. So much of these higher aspirations come from the soul. In this way you come to know your own soul. Though these things may be transformed by your mind, know that the impetus, the desire is from within. Acknowledge this. Continue to take note of those things that emerge from deep within you, causing a glimmer of awakening, a glimmer of recognition. The flow of God’s Will comes in this way. As you continue to recognize it, that flicker of light and awareness, it becomes stronger. You become more attuned to that inner self that is connected to God. The joy you feel, the warmth and the expansion that you feel when you receive the blessing of the Divine Love within, is further proof of the soul existing within you. This we must do, my beloved friends, to come to that awakening within each one of you; clear, powerful, heartfelt and knowing that is unshakable. A feeling that is pure. A vision that is deep. A love for all that comes in the Divine Flow. These things, my beloveds, come to know and acknowledge these things within you, so that you in your own way may foster the opening, the awakening in a conscious way of your souls, faculties and gifts. 

Consider this my friends, that the greatest instrument that you posses to bring the gift of direct voice is your soul. You cannot do this without acknowledging and bringing forth in a conscious way the existence of your soul within you. For many of you, your minds continue to speculate and worry and fuss about what that is. Yet reflexively the soul continues to express itself in your life in its subtle form; all these beautiful outpourings of thoughts, feelings, love and senses of direction and purpose. So you must trust in these things above all else while we are together in this time. We will assist you in the sensitization of this awareness, helping you to merge the elements of the mind and the elements of the soul in harmony and graceful co-existence so that all will merge and come to clear consciousness within you. In this way there will be no doubt and no confusion and your perceptions will be keen, clear, powerful and your mind will augment the truth of your soul rather than obscure it. This is the goal, beloveds, for your time together. I am not suggesting that you obsess over this issue. But every thought is a speculation and is this of the mind or the soul? No, my beloveds. I merely want to reassure you that this awakening continues within you and those impediments to understanding these aspects of your soul are continuing to dissolve and be healed. 

Some of you are blessed with a more intuitive understanding of this. Some of you continue to struggle as the analytical aspects of your mind insist upon knowing from that place. Yet all of you are destined to know that which I speak, to truly understand and to live in this way which is desirable as an instrument and channel of God. 

Your brother, Jesus, had a keen mind but also a soul so beautiful and pure. For him it took some time to bring these elements together. Until then he did not start his ministry.  You are being challenged now at this time, for you take on a very challenging task. The blessing of what you call direct voice may indeed manifest through you. That potential exists amongst you. But without a soul awakened and attuned to God’s Will and able to clearly communicate with we in spirit, this gift will not function as we desire. 

The greater work is the work of your soul, beloveds. This is your focus. This is the key to opening all these doors that you so desire to see opened, all of this work that you know, as do we, that needs to be done, in your world. But to be a clear channel of God’s Love, an instrument of His Will, the inner work must be done. The soul must awaken. The light must glow bright so that all your motivations, perceptions, desires and that which is enacted through you, may come to realization and fulfillment in harmony with God’s Will. It is the soul, beloveds, that longs for your acknowledgement.  It is the soul that holds all the keys to your success. This soul, aligned with God, awakened by His Love, that will be the greatest instrument in your work. The power of the soul, beloveds, is so much greater than any other faculty at your disposal. We seek together the continued awakening of not only you, but all of mankind. This is crucial in the world at this time and you have elected to walk with us in this great venture. You have elected to allow God to work through you, as have we. Together we will indeed bring forth many beautiful manifestations, gifts, outflowing of love, light and truth. For in the Light of God’s Love all is possible. You continue to expand in this gift. May this gift continue to expand within you, bringing all good and wondrous things in the wonderment of God’s creation and universe. 

God bless you, my beautiful friends, beloved souls all. May you know the deep joy, the upliftment, the relief from all burdens and pains, the awakening of all truth, the knowings of all things, which come from this great gift of Love awakening the faculties of your soul. God bless you, beloveds, I am Matthew and I thank you for your efforts. I am with you in your efforts as are many, many angels. God bless you. 
