---
title: "Discourse on Truth - Part 2"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine gives a Discourse on Truth - Part 2"
date: 2020-07-21 07:07:13+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 374
---
# Discourse on Truth - Part 2

December 2<sup>nd</sup>, 2018

Bayview, N.S.W. Australia

Received by Al Fike

 

I wish to [add to our discourse regarding how one comes to truth.](/contemporary-messages/messages-sorted-year/messages-2018/all-truth-comes-from-the-soul-af-28-nov-2018/) In your world almost all souls start upon their journey towards truth with their minds seeking information, digesting this information and assessing it. Of course with your scientific culture many things are tested and in this testing is either proven to be true or false. This is indeed one way of understanding material truth. It is not the only way, but it is the way that most in your world have adopted. It is always possible that the source or foundation of these truths derived in this way may be false and therefore a certain truth that is thought to be credible is not.

In your communications and interactions together, it is hoped that what one reveals and speaks of is true and not a falsity, but unfortunately there is a great deal of untruth in these communications. Often this untruth is even unknown by the communicator. It is the result of their beliefs, their experiences and assessment of the mind and in this way truth is built within the mind. Brick by brick, reality is formed. Yet this reality is more reliant upon the perceptions of the material mind than the absolute truth and reality of creation. And so humanity lives in a fog of misunderstanding, misperceptions and mistruth. Nothing is certain in this reality of the mind, for it is subject to the power of the mind to manipulate and create certain realities, certain ideas and perceptions that come from the intellect and the perceptions and the desire of the mind to have within it certainty and control. 

So much of what you believe in your world, much of the reality that you think is absolute is not. Yes there are elements and layers of the material world that truly do exist and can be observed, but how humanity looks at God’s creation, their perceptions, appreciations, sensitivity and understanding of it can be extremely distorted. 

Your scientists have a great deal of difficulty accepting that every element in your world and in all of creation has energetic and conscious aspects to it. So the truth of your world, at least the world of the materialists and all who reside within what you call Western Civilization, views the world as objects in motion, stimulation coming into the brain and assessed by the mind, hence reality. Yet it has been shown that the reality of man can be manipulated by those with spiritual development and knowledge. Hence this reality is not stable nor is not absolute. It can be changed. Even in a simple way, such as an attitude towards something within one’s grasp and experience of life can change the perspective and experience of that thing. The mind is a powerful agent within the consciousness of man. This is why we in the Celestial Kingdom are encouraging and assisting you in the development of your soul faculties. Without these faculties enlivened by the inflow of the Divine Love, awakening your gifts and perceptions, you are stuck within a reality that is unstable, subject to change, and in many ways unreliable. 

True reality comes from the soul, but we have already discussed this matter. Your struggles, beloved souls, is in accepting the truth, in absorbing the mind, the material mind and fusing it with the soul mind. This is such a foreign experience to you and to the reality of this world, with the conditions that have been created over many, many  millennia, and which contravenes the accepted truth of humanity. You have all been indoctrinated into this truth, into this perception of reality and so your struggle is great. The possibilities of awakening to new truth and releasing old error is in the forefront of your struggle. It is not that you feel distant from God for you do not. It is that you feel distant from your soul and try to reconciliate the differences between these two minds. Beloved souls, we understand your struggles. We know the difficulties. We see the workings of your mind which are quite clear to us and the tentative awakening of your souls, these parts of you that are so tender, sensitive, and new. You must nurture these parts, protect them, love them, and accept that in time they will grow to great strength as the seeds of truth germinate one by one bringing a new reality, a different perspective, deeper perceptions and capacities to understand the reality of God’s universe. 

So we encourage you to pray, and we discourage you somewhat to feed your mind, your material mind, extensively. This does not help you to engage your soul. It does the opposite. It feeds the mind, empowers the mind, encourages the mind to be the predominant authority for truth and as you all know, this is not the truth. It is the illusion of truth that has been fed to you and reinforced by your beliefs and encouraged every day of your life to be a part of this continuous creation of mankind which you call truth and reality. As I have said, some is indeed truth and some is indeed reality, but the deeper truths and the deeper reality of God must come with the awakening of the soul with all its capacities to know truth and understand God.

This is the core of the great changes of which we speak that are coming. This revolution of thinking, of knowing, of being in the world and it is necessary. For without these changes and shifts that come to contradict the general thinking of humanity, your brothers and sisters will continue upon the course of pain, disharmony and destruction. For the power that humanity has exerted upon your world, in this illusionary and mindfully shielded reality will countervene the truths of God’s creation, your world and cause great destruction of all that has been created in its beauty and harmony and its reality. The power of the human mind is immense. The power of many, many countless human minds is breathtaking in its capacity for good or for evil. 

So we continue to nurture those who are willing to step beyond this reality, to step beyond the mindful truth to the truth of the soul. We pray that they may lead others towards this place of openness to God and allow God to pour His Truth within you that comes with His Love, that comes with His Touch upon your soul. You are pioneers my beloved friends. You are testing the waters. You are attempting to come to that place that is in greater harmony with God. You continue to pray, pray often to allow this new reality to be infused into your consciousness as the Heavenly Father brings His Love, His Touch and healing to you. So we witness the birthing of your soul beloveds, the dawning of a new reality and all the gifts and perceptions and abilities that come within the soul made whole and alive in Love.

This is an exciting journey my friends. It is as exciting for us as it is for you as we continue to witness the changes that are taking place. I can assure you my friends that much is indeed taking place within your soul. Great shifts and movements, hearts within that are being transformed by the Father’s Love. 

Now it is for you to trust, to allow, to yearn for these awakenings, these understandings and perceptions of the soul. Ask for this to be your truth, your reality, for you are strong enough now to embrace and walk in this reality without projecting fear and concern because it is so different from the reality of mankind. It does not mean that you will become so estranged from this reality because your souls have brought great change within. No my beloved friends, you will come to know a truth, a sense, a strength that will bring authority to your perceptions and what you speak of and share with others and this will intrigue many. You will not be lost in confusion or doubt, unable to weave together these two perceptions, that of the mind and the soul. Instead, a blending and fusion will take place and it will not be difficult once you are ready and prepared for such a thing to take place. It begins already, slowly but surely, subtly at first, but I tell you that these changes within you will inform your perceptions and experience in this world and bring to you a sensitivity, a deep perception, a capacity to love and a capacity to see beyond the veil of the human illusion to the truth of God’s creation. 

I know each one of you and each who listen to this message have a deep desire to come to that place of new reality, new truth, truth of the soul, truth that comes with Love. And you will express this in powerful and beautiful ways in your lives, and it will touch many. God bless you my beloved souls, my beloved students. God bless you. I am your teacher, Augustine. May you continue to awaken from your slumbers and illusions and come to a place of deep soul awareness reconciling all that you have carried in error, allowing this to be transformed into truth so that you may recognize and know truth as never before. 

God bless you. God bless you beloved souls. Your teacher continues to be with you as you grow in Love. God bless you.