---
title: "Guidance for Attaining the Gift of Direct Voice"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem gives Guidance for Attaining the Gift of Direct Voice"
date: 2020-05-21 07:55:19+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 338
---
# Guidance for Attaining the Gift of Direct Voice

April 15<sup>th</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

Again we come together in prayer for the development of the gift of direct voice to attune ourselves in all ways to the conditions necessary to further the development of this gift. We continue to utilize whatever opportunities we have to assist you in this development. We again ask that you keep within your minds and your prayers a desire to be used as an instrument in this way, in this world. For without your desire and your efforts and your focus we are unable to move ahead in this project. Though you are cast far and wide upon this earth, it does not mean we cannot connect and gather you together in the Light and in conditions that are required to further develop these gifts. Wherever you are, beloved souls, on this world you have been connected and bonded in a special way. The experiences you have had together in the dark room, in your continued prayers, in your continued interactions, have created the conditions that are necessary and beneficial in the development of this gift. 

Distance means nothing, beloved souls, when the power of the love bond between you continues to uphold you and bring you together. Keep each other in your consciousness, in your prayers. Seek for the Highest. Seek for the blessing of the Father’s Love. Seek to be together in prayer and all will unfold in harmony and you will continue to uphold one another. Those who are great distances away, remember your brothers and sisters who continue to pray with you and for you. Do not allow all the distractions of this world to bury this awareness and precipitate feelings of distance. You are close to one another. Do not your thoughts continue to drift towards your feelings of love, your bonds of fellowship, the harmonization of your souls together focusing upon this purpose and this great opportunity laid before you? Though at times you may feel that this gift has been lost or relegated to some lesser priority, this is not the case. We continue to be eager in our work with you and we encourage you also to set this time and effort as a priority in your life. Much can be accomplished in these conditions of clarity and desire, love and fellowship. 

Yes there will come a time when you will come together in the flesh to continue this work, to facilitate the breakthroughs that are so longed for, to bring the manifestations forth. Breaking through what little barriers remain would be like walking through a paper wall. But you must walk together and you must be ready, for it is easily done, my beloved, beautiful friends, to accomplish this gift at this time but you must be ready. You must be ready in your hearts, in your minds, to be committed and dedicated to the gift that will be presented for this gift cannot be taken lightly nor demonstrated without the proper attitudes, desires and wisdom. 

The soul knows already, beloveds, the soul knows. It must come forth in your conscious mind, this wisdom and understanding of the next steps upon this road to facilitate progress and the fruition of these efforts. Each day is a test, is it not? Each day, an opportunity. Each day you add another small component to your understanding and your awareness as you continue to grow in the Father’s Love. Yet in your minds you are easily distracted and swayed, pummelled about by the conditions of this world. Here you must be strong, your minds disciplined, your focus pure and steady. 

Can you do this, beloved souls? Can you stop the tumult of the human conditions that bear upon your thoughts, your emotional conditions, your reactivities, your passivities, those all too human frailties within you. For those who will bear this gift must be strong, for the conditions which you deal with on a daily basis in your lives are not so difficult compared to what will come to those who bear this gift, for this gift is a great challenge and confrontation to many in this world who are content to remain asleep and ignorant, who cannot see beyond the constrictions of their minds and have not feelings within their souls of Love. And yet the purpose of this gift is to carry it out into the world, to be guided by God, each day, to bear the Truth in the world. 

Are you strong enough, beloved souls? You cannot indulge yourselves in concerns for your supposed reputations and have great concern and thought for those who may judge you and misunderstand you, for I tell you, my friends, this will be so. You will not be greeted in every situation with love and appreciation. In many cases there will be fear and mistrust. In some there will be a great desire to thwart your gifts and your purpose. Yet the Heavenly Father will continue to uphold you and protect you, provided you have strong faith and desire to uphold the Truth, to walk in this world not as one who continues to remain in their slumbers and are unable to awaken, but one who rings the bell toll and the desire to awaken many. 

This is not an easy task. None of what we speak of is an easy road, but it is a magnificent journey to the hearts and souls of mankind and God has given you the opportunity, and has opened the door for you to awaken and not only to awaken but to help facilitate the awakening of others. So you must carry the flame up high with great trust and faith in the wisdom of your Heavenly Father, and the guidance that comes to each of your souls, with the strength that is embedded in His Love, the wisdom that comes in His Love, the compassion, the humility, the wonderment and the grace that comes with the Touch of the Holy Spirit upon your souls. You, each one, have been touched by God. God has awakened you, beloved souls. You stretch from your slumbers, your eyes barely open, yet you are not to sleep again but become ever more awakened as your days pass and your souls expand in Love. 

May you be worthy of the journey, beloved souls, worthy of the prospects laid before you, strong enough to bear the standard of Truth, wise enough to walk in this world with great compassion and humility bringing Love wherever you go. For it is with these qualities and with the gifts the Heavenly Father lays before you, that all that you envision and desire will come to pass in your lives. Strengthen yourselves, my beloveds. Walk in Truth with each day. Live in Love with each breath. Be with God in your thoughts and aspirations. Have great faith in what may come with the Touch of God within your soul. Be strong, my beloveds. Those weaknesses within will surely fall away with the power of God’s Love. You must step forward, continually step forward in greater Light and in greater Love. The path is clearly laid before you, beloveds. May you feel the joy and the peace that comes with true awakening and understanding and may you be in this world but not of this world, truly a child of God, an instrument of His Will, a channel of His Love. 

We are with you beloveds, as you continue on this journey and service and awakening. I am with you. My love is with you. I am Seretta Kem. God bless you. God bless you.