---
title: "DV Guidance (Seretta Kem) and Being of Service (Luke)"
menu_title: ""
description: "DV Guidance (Seretta Kem) and Being of Service (Luke)"
date: 2020-05-26 07:31:16+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 354
---
# D.V. Guidance (Seretta Kem) and Being of Service (Luke)

August 5<sup>th</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada 

Received by Al Fike

 

When you spoke at the church today we were experimenting to see if we could bring through a manifestation of spirit and this instrument felt a difference in the atmosphere around him. I am pleased to say that we accomplished a measure of success and that soon, soon some manifestation will be present, even a flicker of light would be a welcome gift to these efforts. I say this to encourage you upon this effort and journey of the awakening of this gift. 
As we have told you, it is an incremental process that requires many steps and often we are working with you and you are not aware. Yet there is much to be accomplished, much that can be brought forth as you continue to make your efforts and prayers, direct your desires for the expression of this gift within the Will of God and to bring forth the Truth of Divine Love in the world. As you continue to receive the Divine Love within your souls you grow and your souls expand, the power and potential of your souls become realized with this gift. Incrementally, beloveds, incrementally comes the awakening, comes the manifestations and those things that you long for and we continue to work with you to accomplish.

Now there have been many questions of late, questions about preparation, questions about what will be required in your next sessions here in this centre for the development of direct voice. Indeed, prayer is important, always. As much time as you can spend together in prayer will be of a great benefit towards the development of this gift. Prayer within the dark room is beneficial and one session per day would be ideal. After a seven day session, I would suggest a two day break from praying within the dark room. This will allow you to regenerate your energies, for your bodies to adjust to the new energies that are being developed within each of you - to get your bearings so to speak. Yet the intensity of the dark room sessions in terms of stress upon the body is not so great now as adjustments and developments have been accomplished in past sessions. Do not worry that G is unable to be present for the entire time. This will be compensated for as we are able, as we did with the dear soul, H, to bring connection and attunement to the group even though they are not physically present or were not.

Beloved souls, you desire to do service in the world. Each of you is unique. Each of you has something unique to give, to be expressed in the world. I applaud your efforts to come together upon some project of love and devotion to humanity. This does indeed build a greater bond amongst you and sets forth a challenge to be beyond your normal routines and perceptions and expressions. So we heartily endorse the beloved souls’ suggestions to work together towards accomplishing service in your community. 

The more you express yourself in the world, the greater is your presence in the world. To make a connection with another soul in love is to do God’s work. To have empathy and love and compassion for another is to do God’s Will. The opportunities that God may place before you, beloved souls, in service such as this is a great opportunity and blessing from God. Do not shy away from these somewhat challenging opportunities and invitations. Seek to serve in as many ways as you can for there is a great need out in the world, many lost and lonely souls, many who know little of the touch of love, the comfort of another. Be that channel of love, beloved souls. Work together in harmony. Make your efforts in simple ways, in ways that do not require complex planning and expectations. The simple ways of God as an expression of love, compassion for others, are the most effective ways to touch another soul. 

Give of your heart. Allow God to work through you. Be strong. Be willing. Be humble and gentle. These are the ways that our Master Jesus taught. His steadfast example led us all into further light and service in the world and created a lasting impression on the world, did it not? Has he been forgotten? No. Have his works continued to expand out in the world? To some degree, yes. And yet what he did was simple. His words touched the souls of many. He healed, he spoke, he gave bread to the hungry, he walked amongst all races and creeds, all peoples of different levels of society. He did not fear any, judge any, but loved all. This you must do too, beloved souls, to tear down any barriers within you that you may embrace all of humanity, no matter their station in life, no matter their condition of light or darkness. They are a soul of God. They are worthy of God’s Love and they are worthy of your attentions. 

When love burns deep within your souls and finds its expression within your life, you have and you will have a great empathy and compassion for mankind. You will see beyond the exterior and grow in love, in deep love for all humanity. This is the true expression of your souls and this is the true enactment of God’s Love and Will in the world. When you are able to come to these levels of love, perception, awareness and compassion such gifts as direct voice will manifest readily, healing will come easily and profoundly to the souls of those you touch and to the physical bodies, the aching hearts, the loneliness and desperation. This is your flock, beloved souls, to minister to, these souls that suffer so, are lost and in the darkness. It is a measure of your strength, your wisdom, your love of God and the Love of God within you when you are able to walk amongst mankind, releasing all judgment and fear, barriers of any kind and express love.

Beloved souls, you have a great ambition to serve humanity. Each of you has a vision of what that is. Each of you senses that there is a plan, an intention by God to guide you along a certain path of service. You need not develop within your minds certain ideas and templates for service. Service comes with each day in your life. It may vary. It may come unexpected. It has a serendipitous nature, for God answers prayers through you, beloved souls. This is what being an angel is, to answer the prayers of mortals and spirits, to bring greater harmony to the universe. It is the capacities of your soul to enact the Will of God harmoniously, effectively, beautifully, so that you continue to progress as an angel in training. Opening up your hearts, opening up your minds, opening up the light in your soul brings about the possibilities of service as a channel of love in the world, enacting God’s Will, walking in faith, beloveds, with a sure knowledge that God guides you, knowing that the wisdom and truth within your soul is in alignment with God. In this awareness, in this faith, in this enactment of your service and gifts in the world comes all the many blessings of light and joy, beauty and truth that you are capable of receiving and expressing.

You are coming to know the wonderment of your own souls. You are coming to see the profound wisdom of God’s Will. You are coming to a place of truly desiring to serve humanity in love. This comes with the power of the blessing of Divine Love. You beloved souls seek to be an instrument of love, a channel of love for God and with each day doors will open, possibilities will manifest and service will grow and become deeper in its effects of healing your world that continues to be mired in darkness and error. As you continue to ascend into light and truth God will use you to disperse this darkness, to speak the truth and to live the truth. The greatest pronunciation of the truth comes with your enactment of love and compassion for your fellow man. 

Release all those conditions, fears and biases that hold you back from this act of true acceptance, true love, true understanding of your brothers and sisters in this world. In this way you find a sure and powerful connection with God and you become a clear channel of love. May this come to be. May with every breath you take bring you closer to alignment with God’s Will and a clear channel of His Love. God bless you, beloveds. I am Luke and I am happy to deliver this message to you. God bless you. God bless you.