---
title: "Put Your Focus on Prayer for the Divine Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine says Put Your Focus on Prayer for the Divine Love"
date: 2020-05-21 07:55:19+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 338
---
# Put Your Focus on Prayer for the Divine Love

April 1<sup>st</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you, I am your teacher Augustine. Oh, how each of you are challenged in this world, this world filled with pain, this world that lacks love, this world that craves love. Each of you are growing more sensitive to the conditions of this world. As your gifts grow and as you become aware of the reality of the human condition. For as you become more aware of God’s presence in your lives, of your own soul condition, so these sensitivities grow and this openness envelopes all that is in your world and in God’s world. In many ways these experiences help to hone your perceptions and to remind you of why God and His angels continue to uphold you and to teach you and to help you grow in your gifts, because God wishes to use you as His channels of love. 

Use these gifts that are growing within you. Utilise these keen perceptions and sensitivities so that you may be able to discern your way through the conditions of this world in ways that you may execute God’s Will in your life as His servants, His channels of love. I know that you focus at this time upon the gift of Direct Voice and recognize the power and the beauty of this gift if realized in the world. But remember God is not merely developing this gift within you, He is developing many gifts so that you may be a beautiful and accomplished soul filled with wisdom and love that you may carry this into the world, and carry it with such grace and beauty, such power and strength, such wisdom and humility that you will touch many souls, that you will be a channel of love for many souls.

So my beloved students, you continue to be challenged, to have those conditions of the world push up against you and your perceptions. The conditions of the human world and the darkness that swirls about continue to lick at your feet, to touch you in ways that are truly uncomfortable, that bring pain and yet we continue to protect you, beloved souls, so that the full onslaught of these conditions do not overwhelm you but merely remind you of why it is that you struggle for light and what it is that you are up against in your struggles. These circumstances also remind you of those conditions within you that need healing and need the infilling of the Father’s Love to transform those painful conditions, those inharmonious conditions that still reside within you so that they may be transformed in Love.

Our two beloved instruments (A&J) brought light and truth to that beloved sanctuary. Each soul present felt a touch, felt hope and felt love. Though for some their minds resisted but their souls gladly opened to this light. God places before each one of you, beloved souls, opportunities such as this, opportunities where you may speak and bring this truth. Though you desire this gift of Direct Voice to accentuate and make powerful your words, your efforts, yet you in your work, in these efforts that you make to reach out to the lost souls, to reach out for the eager souls, you have done God’s Will and you have accomplished your task. 

It is important that you recognize that your work involves the souls of mankind and that the challenge of bringing truth to the minds of your brothers and sisters is great and difficult. Yet you bring something more valuable and lasting – an opening to the soul. In this, you have planted a seed that is of great value and may come to fruition at some later time. You have done your work as God’s channels, as God has reached through you and touched a soul, your words setting forth the truth in simple terms, your light exemplifying every word, your embrace and gaze upon those souls who are eager for love has given much comfort. Remember this my beloveds, that teaching the truth of God’s Love does not always require great fanfare and dramatic gifts. It can be gentle and humble, beautiful and filled with light. And yet God continues to place within you many gifts that may be used to touch many souls. It is for God to decide in His infinite wisdom and with the knowings of His great Soul what is required in any particular circumstance or effort that you make to bring the truth to others. 

You need not place before God your expectations. You need not put before God this earnest desire that this gift of Direct Voice may manifest. Instead I beseech you to walk in faith that these gifts will indeed manifest in their own way, in the timing that is set by the Heavenly Father, that you need not feel anxious or expend great energy in this yearning for a gift to manifest. Instead, go to God in prayer. Place your yearnings for the inflow of His Love and say to God: *“I am willing to be your servant in whatever way and capacity that you desire to use me. I will follow the road, the path you lay before me. I will walk in the light of your love and I will serve with humility and simplicity. Focussing on the power of your Love, the grace of your Love, the wonderment of your Love. The gifts that you wish to give me, dear Father, are the gifts that you have implanted within me from the beginning. Merely that your Love will ignite and awaken all that is within me, all the beauty, all the complexity, all that is within my soul and of this, it is your Will what may come, what may manifest, what is possible and I am your humble servant in the quest to be a channel of love and truth in this world. I gather together with my brothers and sisters and all that is meant to be, all that is possible may be birthed through our prayers together, our love for one another, our support and joy that we share in this wondrous gift of life.”*

Yes each of your souls is a beautiful garden, resplendent with many gifts. Some have not yet emerged from the ground, others begin to bloom and some bear fruit. Yet there is much more, beloved souls, much more within you and you just begin to awaken to this. This journey will continue and you will know in due time all the beautiful gifts, all the manifestations that God’s Love within you, all the light and the joy that is coming. 

Continue my beloved friends to pray for the blessings of the Father’s Love, to anticipate the awakening of your souls, to nurture these tender parts of yourselves, this love that grows within, this emerging sensitivity, this awakening of your sensibilities, your keen perceptions and your soul faculties. It comes with God’s Touch upon you, beloved souls. All good gifts will come, all that is meant will come as you grow in this Love and find your at-onement with God. 

Know that God comforts those you love, those you are close to you, those that you know feel the pain and the strife of this world. You not only pray for yourself and receive the benefits of your efforts in prayer but your loved ones also continue to be blessed. God’s Loving Care continues to flow out to those who are close to you and to the many who are connected to you. As you pray in this way, so that great lattice of connection and light is enlivened by your efforts and you all benefit from these efforts that you place before God on behalf of your soul and on behalf of the souls whom you love. The light pours forth, spreads through these interconnected webs of love, bonded in prayer in your earnest desire and love for those who are close. You are well blessed my beloved friends. You continue to come closer to God and we continue to accompany you upon your journey.

God bless you, my beloveds. I am your teacher Augustine and my love for you is great as I see the light growing within you and the gifts emerging from your souls and to appreciate your earnestness, your dedication, your love for one another, your love for God. It brings me joy to see this and it brings joy to many angels who accompany you upon this path. God bless you, my beloveds. God bless you on your journeys. Augustine loves you.
