---
title: "Response to the Historic Direct Voice Messages"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem discusses says the Historic Direct Voice Messages"
date: 2020-05-22 07:28:57+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 356
---
# Response to the Historic Direct Voice Messages

May 18<sup>th</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I see you have some questions regarding messages from long ago, from the previous group who dedicated themselves to the development of direct voice. And you wish to extrapolate this guidance towards your own efforts to develop the direct voice, wondering what the relevancy of this guidance received in the past is for the present. As you well know, we focused on one instrument in this group and because our focus was upon one instrument, it was a failure, because that instrument passed into spirit prematurely. Thus all our hopes were dashed with this circumstance. We have altered our perspective and our intention so that there are several instruments developed simultaneously and if one were to fall away for any particular reason, there would still be others to carry on this work. Is this is not a reasonable plan and approach? Our beloved friend Alec was very eager to have this gift come forth. He indeed was dedicated and expended much energy towards these efforts and came close to the realization of this desire to bring direct voice to the world. But there was one flaw. His physical was not strong enough to withstand the intensity of this development regime, as he continued to focus on other projects as well, putting upon him great expectations and pressures which led to his heart failing. 

My beloveds, we do not mean to stress you to that point where your physicality cannot withstand the development of this gift. We do not wish to stress you in regards to your life, which needs to accommodate this effort. All things that are of God must come in harmony and grace and beauty. Thus we graduate the level of development in accordance to the need for harmony, this need to bring you all to certain levels and soul development. It is a slower process compared to our previous efforts, but we feel that it is a more harmonious one, one that is more assured of and has the greater assurance of success. Yes, when our beloved instrument Alec passed into spirit, we all considered what had transpired and how this had transpired, adjusting our plans accordingly and waiting, as angels do with great patience, for the next door to open, bringing the possibility of this gift forward. 

In this, your world, you cannot expect every situation to be replicated, every condition to be replicated so that when you look back upon the history of the development of this gift, that you are able to make the assumption that this guidance is entirely applicable to your circumstance. This is not the way of the world, my friends. Each situation is unique, the players within this project are each unique in their gifts, their perspectives, their level of soul development. As such, the chemistry, possibilities and potentials are unique. As you see, we have adjusted our approach accordingly. Even during the exercise of our present efforts, there were adjustments. 

I wish to assure you that you are well on track in this development. Do not be discouraged and do not extrapolate the guidance given years back upon what you are doing at present. Instead, continue to pray for the success of the development of this gift, not only upon one individual but all those involved. That each of you may in some way express this gift of direct voice to the world. How powerful it will be to have several instruments capable of bringing this gift forward, of being used in this way. How it will increase our plans exponentially and increase the rapidity of the execution of our plans to bring this Truth to mankind, to bring many Truths to mankind.

So my beloved friends, be of good faith, be positive in your thoughts, be consistent in your actions and be loving to one another at all times. Uplift yourselves in the conditions of this world that often attempt to drag you down from a place of Light and harmony. Be vigilant, my beloveds, be vigilant of the conditions that influence your thoughts, influence your words, influence your actions. Every day is a blessing and every day is a test. In your world it is easy to forget and to lose focus upon what it is you are striving for. We are pleased to see that you all band together on occasion and pray, wherever you might be in the world. This is a very important and a powerful development in your relationship. I would encourage you to continue in this way and if possible, for all involved to come together in prayer whenever possible. 

Be mindful of the conditions that you carry each day. Be mindful of the patterns that are not in harmony with Love but are still expressed readily within you. It is important to discipline your thoughts, to release those conditions of judgment and anger, frustration, confusion and lack of Love. I do not say this to condemn you, for this is the material world filled with such conditions so readily expressed in this world, so readily influencing all mortals. Yet you strive to be above these conditions, to be in harmony with Love, with God, to be close to we, celestial angels, so that you may carry this gift with you. For each day contributes to the overall development and goal of receiving this gift. Each day is a responsibility and an opportunity to inch a little closer to success.

So it is your choice. Are you contributing and allowing God to use you and lift you up and put within you that which is necessary for the expression of this gift? Or are you not moving forward and sometimes backwards in your own spiritual condition and way of thinking? You are well aware my friends, what you are doing at any given time. You have a soul that is blessed with the Father’s Love. You have a sensitivity that comes with this blessing and awareness of your own self and your own expression in life. Thus you are challenged, and you are also invited to come to that higher place of being in your life, in your thoughts and deeds. Continue to strive for the highest my beloveds. Continue to be strong, to choose Light, to pray for the Father’s Love continuously, to ask for the blessing of the gift of direct voice. Do so in words and thoughts and aspirations of the soul in your prayers. 

It is important that you carry on this work with each day, to be strong and clear and forthright, to examine those things within you that may hold you back, that you continue to express, those things that are not in harmony with the laws of God’s Love. We continue to support you my beloveds, to uphold you in your efforts, to try to inspire you to greater effort and greater Light. But you are the master of your own ship, my friends. You are responsible for steering your own course towards God. Never forget this my beloveds. You are not like a puppet being manipulated by spirit, no my beloveds. You are a unique and beautiful creation of God, a soul in God’s Universe endowed with the gift of free will, endowed with many potentialities and are given the opportunity to choose with each moment of each day of your existence in this world.

So if you are unhappy with your progress, if you are afraid that others will judge you, if you think that the angels are judging you, my beloveds, look deeper within yourself. For these things come from your minds, from those dark places within you that are indeed judging you, are indeed giving you feelings of fear or unworthiness. You must address these things within you my beloveds, for they will continue to rise up as the Love attempts to push these things away and heal these dark crevices of your souls and these unhealthy thoughts developed so long ago within your life experience. You must address these things, beloved souls, if you are truly committed to living in the world in Light, to fulfilling this effort for direct voice, to being in harmony with God. It is a challenge to be sure, but the rewards are great my beloveds, the rewards are great. The world needs those who are strong enough to overcome the conditions of this world, the conditions of their inner world, to be a clear and beautiful channel of God’s Love and Truth and to express many gifts and possibilities that come from the soul. God eagerly blesses you, so that you may be strong enough to attain these things in your lifetime and we too gather around you to bring to you the support and Love, guidance and blessings, so that you may be in harmony. 

May God bless you thus my beloveds. May God continue to pour His Love within your souls. May God continue to bring the bounty of His blessings upon you my beloved souls, loved and cared for so tenderly by God. And our love continues to be expressed to you, our beautiful friends who struggle with this world, who continue to pray, to make effort to be in the Light. We are with you, our loving prayers are with you. We eagerly continue to support you in this great effort for direct voice. God bless you my beloveds. I am Seretta Kem, always by your side, dedicated to this work and to the Love of God. God bless you, God bless you my beloved.
