---
title: "Seek to be a Pure Expression of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Matthew says Seek to be a Pure Expression of Light"
date: 2018-04-05 23:55:26+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 332
---
# Seek to be a Pure Expression of Light

March 14<sup>th</sup>, 2018

Hawaii Kai, Oahu, HI, U.S.A.

Received by Al Fike.

 

I come to encourage you to build Light in this world. We have spoken of the changes that are coming in this world, the difficulties that may arise from these changes and adjustments to the conditions in your world.

What is your best protection against harm, beloved souls? How will you confront and integrate these conditions that will bring havoc to the world? It must be done in Light, the power of Light, the power of Light within you, the power of Light that you build all about you. Where does this Light come from, beloved souls? To some degree you generate it yourself with your thoughts and your intentions. This creates a Light. When you are loving to one another, you create Light. But the most powerful source of Light is God. And the most powerful blessing from God is His Divine Love. So as you receive this gift of Love you create a powerful Light within you, a transformative protective, wise, all-encompassing Light that grows with each prayer and it expands with its regenerative qualities within you.

We are not talking about a Light that is pale. No, we are talking about a Light that is bright and powerful. The mind can create a certain amount of light but what will truly guide you and protect you and bring you into harmony is the Light of your souls. This, as you are well aware, is what we are encouraging you to do, to increase the Light within your souls, to expand this Light within your souls. This will bring many, many blessings. This will bring what you require to deal with any circumstance in life, any crisis that you may encounter, any situations of health, of relationships, of your work, of your families. This Light influences all of these aspects of your life. It is a great power. It is a wonderful healing balm to everything that is touched by this Light. When we ask you to be a channel of Love for God, what is the most recognizable aspect of this? It is Light. You must bring Light into your homes, where you work, all aspects of your life. For the world is in sorrowful need of Light. It is in need of each one of you to be a channel of Light in the world. This is not restricted to conveying your knowledge and your perceptions of spiritual Truth, though this is beneficial in many ways. It is your countenance, who and how you are in the world that is of the utmost importance. For when you are aligned with God, when your souls are resplendent in this beautiful Light that comes with His Love, you are influencing many, many things in your world. This world is far more complex than those things that are readily seen with your senses. Many layers exist in your world that you are not aware of. But your souls emanating Light will touch all of these layers, all of these beautiful aspects of life that God has woven into the incredible tapestry that is life.

When it is said in the Bible *"man has dominion over the world"* it is the potential of your souls, beloveds, that may influence the world and bring greater harmony. Yet thus far, it is the condition of your souls that has brought great disharmony to this world. Humanity is lost in darkness, ignorant, bereft of Love, confused and asleep. God is working to bring all souls in this world awake to that place of awareness, to awaken the souls of mankind so that the tides may be turned, that what emanates from each soul is not darkness but Light. You, my beloveds, you and those few in this world who truly understand the power of Light and Love, are called upon to demonstrate, to exhibit and to emanate the Truth of Light. For it is Light that will save the world, it is the Light of God within you. It is the Light that is life that God has created. It is the Light that brings wisdom. It is the Light that brings Love. If all you do is but pray and focus your efforts towards prayer and communion with God, if this is your spiritual practice, then you are serving God and you are serving your fellow man by bringing greater Light to yourself. For that Light will not stay contained within you but will emanate out to many others and to all of these beautiful aspects of Light of which I speak.

You are not just on a journey of your own awakening, you are on a journey of service to the world. For as you continue to awaken and increase your Light, you bring the influence of Light in a more tangible way in this world. Not so much by the words you speak and those ideas of your service and mission in the world, though these things have their place, but primarily because you bring Light, the energy of Light that is influencing the world. God uses you as much as you are able to bring Light, so God will use you and channel Light into the world. You become an opening for God to heal this world. This is not often a conscious thing. It is a reflexive thing of the soul. What may restrict this are the conditions within you that are not in harmony with Love and Light, the thoughts that you may have, those memories and emotional traumas that may bring fear and constrict the flow of Light. So you have a responsibility to uplift yourselves, beloved souls, to pray for the healing of those wounds within you, to seek healing if you must, to bring greater harmony within you.

You are not a victim of life. You have what you require, the strength within you, the knowledge and the awareness that will indeed bring you to a place of harmony and greater Light. Please do not point fingers at others, blaming them for your discomfort, for this only delays the inevitable which is the recognition within yourself of those conditions you have created that restrict the flow of Light through you, that restrict the sense of wellbeing and happiness and harmony. It is your responsibility, beloved souls. If you are to be the teachers and healers and Light carriers that you so desire to be, you must be Light, harmony, wisdom. You must be healed. The greatest source of all healing is God. So I encourage you to go to God, my beloveds, to continue this awakening, this process of bringing greater harmony to yourselves, to walk a life that is dedicated to Truth, integrity, honesty and Love.

There is no room for judgement. There is no room for anger. There is no room for all manner of negative thought in the world of Light. Light is your strength, beloved souls. Light is what propels you forward in your spiritual progression. Light is your protection. Light is your wisdom. All of these things are predicated upon this gift of Light which is the Father's Love pouring within you. Be a yearning soul that seeks this gift and so discover all the wonderful aspects of this beautiful sparkling diamond of Light that is your soul transformed by the Father's Love. The facets become more and more complex, the Light deeper and more beautiful in light and colour, peace and joy. Your Light comes easier, beloved souls, as a result of the transformation within your minds no longer engaged in old habits and thoughts, old fears and judgements. You come to know a flow within your life that brings great happiness and harmony, knowing that your needs are met and your being is resplendent in a deep knowing, a deep sense of satisfaction, appreciation and Truth. Let your Light shine, beloved souls, always, every minute of your life. Every breath you take, may it be of Light. May you choose Light. May you express Light. This is the key, this is truly what you seek, each one of you, to be that pure expression of Light, to walk in this world with deep compassion, deep wisdom, deep Love, all an expression of Light.

We will walk with you, beloved souls. As your Light grows so we will be closer, for this is the Law. We are drawn by the Light, you are drawn by our Light. We continue to establish a deeper rapport together and we continue to work together to bring greater Light to this world. As we have said, God has a Plan. As your Light increases so you will understand this Plan and be an integral part of it. Each day will be an adventure, each day a door will open, an insight will come, an awakening of sorts will come to your consciousness. God will bless you deeply, beloved souls, if your intention is for Light, if you have a deep desire to commune with God and receive His great blessing of Love. So the Light increases with every prayer, every intention and every desire that is for Light.

For us it is a great pleasure to watch the Light grow within you, to see the changes wrought within you that are of Light and Love. It is our joy. It brings us greater Light to serve you and to seek to serve all of humanity. God fills us with His Love and Love needs expression, beloved souls, always expression in all of these different ways that are your gifts. May you continue to discover what is within you. So much awaits you, as the Light grows within. God bless you, beloved souls. I am Matthew and I love you. I love you all, such beautiful,  beautiful souls with such pure intention for Light. God bless you, each one of you. May the Father continue to have His Hand upon you. I am with you, too, as you continue to grow. God bless you. God bless you.