---
title: "Seek Harmony in All Things"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem says Seek Harmony in All Things"
date: 2020-06-18 07:24:06+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 360
---
# Seek Harmony in All Things

October 15<sup>th</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

My dear brother had some questions regarding his return home. He is not to feel that he is under pressure to follow a schedule that would lead to a great deal of inconvenience. There is no need to have this stress, or these concerns. When it is possible to follow with your brother and sisters as they pray, then please do so my brother. When it is not, then continue with your own prayer schedule that keeps you attuned in harmony with the flow of love, blessings, maintaining the higher conditions around you and within you. This will suffice for us to use the connection to continue with the program that we are on. Focusing upon the soul, beloveds, is your task at this time and having the support of one another is beneficial, but it is not absolutely crucial to be in this circle together. Considering the bonds that you’ve created, you may do this at any place in the world together, with the right intentions and desires, with your souls open to one another. So there is no need to be concerned when you each return to your lives that this will break the bonds, break the connection between you. For in these prayers together as you continue to share this experience, you strengthen the bonds of love, you open the doors that will make it possible for us to continue to work together. 

We would encourage you to continue to communicate, to make time to pray together when you are at home. The strengthening and awakening of your souls will continue. This is of the upmost importance, to be close to God, to be in harmony with your souls and with your souls in harmony with God. To continue to live life with a sort of detachment from this material world. Though you may live within it, indeed, you must live in a higher way, one less attached to outcomes and situations that bring disharmony to your being and thoughts, your life. As you continue to strengthen your bonds with your Heavenly Father and to awaken your souls to this new reality, such things will not draw you in and affect your condition so powerfully. It is harmony that we seek beloveds, harmony in your thoughts, harmony in your actions, harmony in your prayers and harmony in your relationships with one another and with others. To make these efforts consciously, walking in life seeking harmony, love and light, this is what being a channel of God’s Love is to walk in the world but not be of it in these particular cases of disharmony. Promote harmony wherever you go and bring light where you can, to live truth always, to be in harmony with God’s Laws.

Yes the world does conspire to distract you from these things. As you recognize the conditions that are around you created by others, the injustices, the needs, all that is in a place of darkness or greyness in this world draws your attention. In some ways this motivates you to prayer and this is your most powerful response to any situation, to be in prayer, to be a channel of love and to walk in harmony. There are times when you must walk away, to let go and release those desires of the mind to correct and rectify situations that are beyond your ability to do so. Again prayer is important, to ask God and His beloved angels and all spirits of light, that they may help alleviate the suffering of others, the pain that they feel, the pain that you recognize and at times take within yourself. The power of free will beloveds dictates so much in your world. The choices that all of you make in this world have their consequences, their outcomes, their lessons and their responses from the immutable laws of creation of your world. Because of your own experiences in regards to the negative consequences of life and choices, you are motivated to be uplifted. To move beyond being so powerfully affected by these conditions and the conditions within you, seeking the powerful of blessing of God’s Love that opens many possibilities for resolution within your being, healing and harmony. Of course you have a great desire to help others come to this place of peace and light, joy and love. 

You have a deep need to declare these truths in the world, those close to you and those who are not. That the world may know that there are solutions to be found, blessings to be given, awakenings to be had by all. My beloveds, be compassionate always. Speak truth where you can in words that inspire, encourage and give hope. Be a channel of love and that channel must not be selective, but for all. No matter who you encounter, where you go, may you continue to be that channel of love. That with the power of the connection that you have with your Creator, the connection between your soul and God, the power of that flow of Divine Essence into your soul will burst forth into the world, continue to grow and strengthen, awaken and bring many gifts. 

Nurture yourselves at this time together in prayer. God has given you this gift. God continues to strengthen you, to awaken you, to teach you and to test you. Have you not noticed as you spend your time stretching your bodies, focusing upon strengthening your bodies, awakening the potentials of your physical being that you continue to strengthen, you continue to test yourselves and receive the benefits of these efforts? So it is with the soul. You must exercise your soul, beloveds, through prayer. This is through aligning your minds and souls together, choosing light always with your being in harmony with your intentions and potentials, your gifts and your unique personalities and being in the world. 

Yes you continue to explore these things together, to be together in love, to be close to God in these times of prayer. Beloveds, may we continue, may we continue upon this wondrous journey. We are with you and you are continuing to progress beloved souls, stretching and walking forward. Making efforts, recognizing the results, learning the lessons, beseeching God for His blessings and continuing to communicate with us who are eager to assist you upon this journey. We shall continue. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem and I love you, each one precious to me, each one precious to many angels. Our prayers are with you. Our love continues to flow to you. Our efforts continue to be made in our cooperative ventures, as we engage in God’s plan for the salvation of mankind. God bless you beloveds. God bless you.