---
title: "Seretta Kem’s Loving Reflections"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem’s Loving Reflections"
date: 2020-07-02 06:00:01+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 362
---
# Seretta Kem’s Loving Reflections

October 27<sup>th</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you, I am Seretta Kem, the one who has been with you for all these days and nights in our continuous vigil of prayer and love, and I too am well pleased with the progress that we have made together. With all that has transpired in your circles, your conversations, your efforts and your celebrations, all has been of love, harmony and joy. You have experienced much, my beloved friends, in your time together, great shifts within your souls and deep experiences with God. Some of these things have been painful, some joyful, some delightful but nothing has been wasted or without meaning. All has been within the flow and journey of your souls towards God and at-onement. You have walked a journey together, shared yourselves, opened to God, felt the longings of your souls and those things within you that are in need of restitution and Grace from God. Beloveds, you now see that this journey will continue, that you will continue to pray together even though you may not be together in the flesh. You will think of one another in love and continue reaching out, sharing this sacred journey of love. 

As you enter back into the daily life, you are stronger and clearer. You have a greater sense of yourself. You have a greater capacity to love. You are beginning to know God’s Will. It shimmers and flickers in the background of your consciousness but it will grow closer and more powerful as you continue to pray for this gift of love. As you prayed together in the dark room, you have experienced some things unusual, beautiful, powerful and unexpected at times. I say to you that the lights you experienced there in this circle, this golden circle, is but a glimmer of what is possible. Your spiritual diet has been that of a child, a young child, who transitions from liquid foods to solids. 

So we have given you morsels of meat. We have given you something that is powerful to assist your souls in its growth and development, but you have not yet imbibed of a full meal. This is coming. You are still fledglings in the nest as our beloved Confucius would say, but your wings are getting stronger, your feathers changing. You are getting ready to fly. You continue to have a longing to be together for the support and warmth and sharing of this experience and you will come together, beloveds. God will insure that your connection is not broken and that your opportunities to pray together as you have will come and also the support and growth and witnessing of your souls bonded in this Circle of Light. Oh my beloveds, I know that you feel you have journeyed a great distance and for some, it has been decades of prayer and awakenings. I say to you, beloveds, in the course of eternity, you have taken one step and there is so much more. 

Never give up your desire to continue in prayer and longing to God. This is so important, beloved souls, so crucial in this journey of awakening. Each day must be a dedication to God. Each moment can be a prayer to God and in this way there will be a continuous inflowing of His Love into your souls. This incremental nurturing of your spiritual selves will bring you to maturity and strength and beauty and the wonderment of the expressions of your gifts. 

You now know with certainty the power of Love. You see this power performing its wonderment within your souls and your consciousness.  You begin to understand how Love unfolds within you and in time you will express this understanding with others in encouragement and guidance, for many souls are coming, beloveds, many hungry souls. There is a deep thirst within humanity and that thirst may only be quenched by God’s Love. You bear the waters of Truth, beloveds, and you will offer your cup to your brothers and sisters and walk with them upon this journey, giving counsel, compassion, love. You will embrace many and you will find a deep joy and satisfaction in this work. 

As we have said many times, my beloved friends, God has a plan. He will guide you upon that journey, that path that is designated for you, that purposeful outflowing of love and truth, healing and grace, where joy burns in your hearts, beloveds, burns brightly, where all the human cares and conditions will fall away from each of you. You will see your life from a different perspective, your values, your understandings, your desires, and your purpose will change, transformed into a harmonious flow predicated upon love. 

You go out into the world changed, my beloveds. You go out into the world testing what you have learned and expressing this new and tender self. Your souls begin to transform, to awaken, to seek out their destinies and the flow of God’s Touch. Like a fresh start, beloveds, like a new day that dawns with hope and light, you will walk in the world with your heads held high, your hearts aglow with love, your desire to serve foremost in your consciousness. 

Much awaits you, beloveds. Do not concern yourself as to what these things that await you may be, for they will unfold in the harmony of each day in dedication to God. Thus, each day will be a mystery, a blessing, a gift, and at times a challenge. But there will always be a great gift within each day for you, for we continue to orchestrate many things, to bring many souls, to use the day to teach each one of you a lesson, a gift of insight, a guided perception and an awakening within your soul. 

So this journey that you take together may on the surface appear to be different as you venture forth, but it is not. It is merely a continuation of your growth and development within. With each day there is an opportunity to express what is new within you. Nurture the light, beloveds. Nurture that flame within. It will warm you and bring you beautiful gifts and insights and knowings. It will guide your path.

It is time to live life centered within your souls and to do so you must make every effort to release all infractions of the mind, that you may be free from this tyranny, that your mind may be used in the way that it is meant to be, as a servant to your soul and that the true motivations and wisdom will come from that place and inform your minds accordingly. This is your challenge as you walk into the world, beloveds, to apply this truth and knowledge in your daily life, to work towards clarity and acknowledging the power of love within you. In this way, God may use you in many wonderful ways, often ways that you may not even be aware. But nonetheless, there is a touch here, a slight shift there, a gift of light over here. Something, something happens and it is not of your doing, beloveds. It is God’s doing. It may be a prayer. It may be a touch upon another. It may be some words of wisdom and truth. But it is always in light, in love, that you serve God. 

There are many things coming in your life that will bring further change and adaptation that will require strength and love. The world is in upheaval and it will touch your lives to some degree but as you continue to prepare your soul in love, to make that your center of being and knowing, that your choices may be aligned with your soul and aligned with God, that all that is coming in this world may brush against you but will not harm you. 

You must walk in faith, beloveds. Seek God with every moment. Know God from the very depths of your being. Continue to awaken that knowing through your prayers, continue to express the truth that you know through your actions. Walk in the light always beloveds. God will guide you there. God will make sure that you are safe and protected, that you are close and warmed by His beautiful Love. You will continue to be fed as you grow. You will continue to be nurtured in Love and guided accordingly. 

You begin to step out of the old and ragged ways of the past and exercise truth in the beauty of your awakened soul and thus the changes will come. The shifts of what you once thought was important and now seem meaningless, while other ways and understandings will predominate in your minds and your souls. Allow these shifts and awakenings to continue to be manifest in your lives and your consciousness. They will often come unbidden in surprising ways, sometimes through others that you will encounter, sometimes through situations in life that will insist that you make the choice for light. But always God is there, guiding you if you allow this, if you trust in the power of God’s Touch and Wisdom. All things that may come in your life, will strive towards harmony and peace. And though within your mind, you may think that what you are urged to do makes no sense, but I tell you that the sensibilities of the soul are far different from that of the mind and you will begin to walk in this world as example of the wisdom and ways of the soul which God has intended for all of humanity. In this way, you will lead others and guide others to this understanding. 

You are all well-versed in these ways and understandings. Though you may still be triggered by your mindful resistance to these things, inevitably the soul must predominate and guide. So the journey continues, beloved souls. I will continue to assist you upon that path as will all the angels who gather around you in their deep desire and love for you that you may indeed break through all that is the human condition and walk bravely in this world in harmony and in alignment with the laws and Will of God. 

We gather around you, beloveds and we shall continue in our vigil. You are not alone. If you only knew how close we are, how dedicated we are to your growth and well-being, awakening and service in love. If you knew, all your concerns and worries and cares about the future would dissipate in this joyous understanding that your life is truly blessed, that you are surrounded in light, that you are protected and guided and that many angels walk with you. 

Beloved souls, each day is a new beginning. Each prayer is another step towards soul awakening. Each moment that you are open to the Touch of God brings another possibility, another blessing, a further awakening. May you continue on this journey, beloveds. I see that many things are coming to you that will bring great grace and joy and meaning and purposefulness to your life as you continue to dedicate yourself to God. 

Beloved souls, I thank you for your efforts. I love you because I am like a father with his children. I love you because I am like a teacher to his students. I love you because I am a kindred soul on this journey. I love you because God is infused in all of which we are a part and have had this deep blessing to work together in this great purposeful journey. I love you because I love you. 

God bless you, beloveds. I am your friend, Seretta Kem. I will continue to walk with you. God bless you. 