---
title: "Soul Awakening, the Powerhouse of Your Gifts"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem speaks of Soul Awakening, the Powerhouse of Your Gifts"
date: 2020-06-22 08:10:01+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 362
---
# Soul Awakening, the Powerhouse of Your Gifts 

October 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

Dear souls, I am Seretta Kem. There are little awakenings happening everywhere within you, beloveds. There are shifts and changes within all aspects of your being. From your bodies to your soul, many things are coming to life, healings of those damaged parts of your body. There are adjustments of your chemistry together, bringing a deeper bond between you, almost as if you were of one body, beloveds. With this blending of your physical beings and your spirit bodies, allowing deeper communication between you, a knowing, a feeling of closeness that is not inhibited by distance. This will continue to deepen as you continue to pray together, not only while you are here but when you are in your own respective homes. Many energies and attunements of your spirit bodies are helping to usher in the gifts that are emerging and awakening within your soul. For a soul gift requires the spirit and physical bodies to be aligned with the soul for this gift to be clear and expressed powerfully through you. 

So as you have come together at this time and other times, we have been working very diligently to bring about a harmonization of your spirit bodies. Not only internally with your soul and your physical body, but with one another. Again, these chemicals of which I speak have played a part, and energies as well. When you have seen colours, when lights and manifestations of this nature, this is because we have been working upon your spirit bodies, applying various techniques, various energies, sharing these energies and blessings amongst you, blending them together. When you see the golden ring as you call it, this is the mechanism by which we may share these things amongst you. You have seen it spinning, changing shape, sometimes even changing colours. This is all part of our program to develop your gifts, to usher in the possibilities of many gifts. 

We have talked extensively about your soul and the possibilities that lie within the soul, beloveds. This is the powerhouse of your being, the source of your gifts, that which animates and brings forth spiritual gifts given to you by God. Not only does He give you the potential for these gifts but He supplies what is required for these gifts to come alive, the blessings of His Divine Love. So in these last days together, we continue to work with you to attune all of these aspects of yourselves, blending together, uplifting and bringing you to a place of high and beautiful energy. This will enable when you are together in this optimum environment for these developments to take place and for the openings of many gifts and the awakening of your soul through the Father’s Love. Higher and higher we go, beloveds, so that we may indeed break through all barriers, all constrictions, all that restricts you, beloveds, that there be a beautiful harmony within you and amongst you and that you will all be deeply connected with God and with us. 

For we desire that you have a deeper understanding and awareness of our presence, that we may work together more closely, that you are not guessing things. Instead there is a knowing of things, a knowing of our presence, a knowing of the guidance that can be given. In this closeness together, the gift of direct voice and other gifts will manifest. We are all still subject to the laws of communication and rapport. The closer we are together, the clearer the communication, the clearer and more powerful are the blessings that may manifest through each one of you. 

We do not wish that you stumble around in the dark, guessing with your minds, projecting and analyzing from that place. Rather we wish for you to see clearly, to know deeply, to understand with both your minds and your souls what our desires are, what God’s desires are, what efforts are to be made at any given time. You see, if you are able to hear, to know, to see, to understand and this will be on various levels depending upon your gifts, then we will be able to work in a powerful way together. And thus to walk together in this world, with our support, helping you to be strong and clear, loving, and a great channel of love and blessings in the world. So God guides us all, pours His blessings forth. We are closer to God, so we bring with us higher blessings which we may utilize in our relationships together upon this Earth, thereby uplifting the conditions of this Earth, blessing many souls who are eager within themselves to receive, to be uplifted. You have seen examples of this in your own life. You have felt the angels close when you are with another. You may even have known what words to speak and always you have felt the love pouring forth through you. 

This is doing God’s work, beloveds. We are all God’s workers, in this inflowing, uplifting and awakening of the world. It is a great task, one that requires great strength and focus and commitment. It requires that it be the mainstay of your life, that your efforts are applied in prayer and desire to serve with each day, that you continue to receive the blessing of the Father’s Love in this eternal awakening of your soul and that you will know clearly within your consciousness what you must do in service of God and service of humanity. Thus you will discover your purpose in this world and in this discovery, the gifts that God has given you will flow freely and manifest powerfully. In all of this, love will permeate and bring its change and benefit to mankind. For God’s Love is a change agent, the most powerful change agent of all. You have discovered this. You continue to be transformed by it, and you will continue to grow in the light and awaken as we have said. 

Know that we will continue with these great efforts for all of your lives, that the opening of your gifts is not in one moment, but in the progression of your souls in the Father’s Love, in your desire to be close to God and to serve humanity. We have accomplished much already. Your efforts have brought many blessings. The fruit of your souls continues to ripen in love. There will be manifestations. They will come as God continues to guide you upon your path and bring opportunities forth for service to humanity. His Love will continue to flow ever deeper. This river widens, its currents swifter, flowing forth upon the world, healing this parched Earth, the parched souls of humanity, bringing peace and harmony back to the world. This continues to be in the flow of God’s Will. And you, beloved souls, continue to awaken in His Love.

God bless you, my beloved, beloved friends. I am Seretta Kem. I am with you on your journeys of awakening. God bless you