---
title: "Still Time to Awaken Your souls Through God’s Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Andrew says there is Still Time to Awaken Your souls Through God’s Love"
date: 2020-07-21 07:07:13+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 374
---
# Still Time to Awaken Your souls Through God’s Love

December 1<sup>st</sup>, 2018

Bayview, N.S.W. Australia

Received by Al Fike

 

I am Andrew. I urge you to continue to pray fervently for the Father’s Love, not that you may obtain certain material results through prayer, or that God may usher you unto foreign lands, or even that God may bring you certain gifts of insight and wisdom. No, my beloveds, this is not the focus of prayer. The focus of prayer is to receive the inflowing of the Father’s Love that your souls may grow accordingly in this Love. And that all that you pray for, indeed these desires within your hearts, will come and flow from this singular prayer to receive the gift of the Father’s Love within your souls.

In this awakening will come guidance, clarity, insight, soul perceptions and the awakening of the many faculties of the soul. In you is a deep longing my brothers to serve God, that your service may be predicated upon certain ideas, desires and concepts that may bring you to effective service. Beloved brothers, there is one important, crucial focus and that is to receive the Father’s Love within your souls. In this way, all unfolds in harmony with God’s Will. Surprising aspects and gifts within you will emerge organically from this process of awakening. As these things within you awaken, so the next steps become clear. And yet you are anxious. You are anxious to see results, to have what you perceive as effective outcomes to your instrumentality in service to God and that these may come to be in short order.

Beloved souls, this is not how the soul awakens. The many chambers within your soul are awakened not in what you may consider a logical pattern but somewhat randomly. Thus we must wait for these chambers, like the many seeds in a sunflower, to open and be claimed by God. This does indeed take time and it is reliant upon your efforts of prayer. You cannot rush this process of awakening. It must happen in conjunction and harmony with the laws of God’s Love. You have come to know some of these chambers within you, but there are many more and that core of light that is being built by the inflow of the Father’s Love continues to grow. Its warmth continues to open these chambers, and within, that which is not of Love, continues to flow and be expelled upwards.

The mind is anxious to move forward. It is a reflection of your humanity and your desire to serve. You feel that the time is short and that you must act. This is not altogether untrue, but the time is becoming short, as the power of the changes coming to this world intensifies. In the coming year there will be much evidence of these changes. There will be many storms, movements of the Earth, unusual climatic outcomes, shifts in the crust of the Earth. Species will continue to be removed from this planet. The pressure builds in nature’s attempts to push aside the condition of humanity in its powerful corruption of the Earth. This will continue and I understand your anxiousness my brothers. Your sense of duty is calling you to set forth in the world and bring this Truth of the Father’s Love, and I do not discourage you to do so. I merely wish for you to understand that the awakening of your soul is a complicated matter requiring great and deep commitment, intense prayer, thus allowing this awakening to occur so that all the chambers within will awaken.

You cannot carry error within you my brothers. You must allow the inflow, the cleansing of your soul to continue and to intensify. Just as this world is experiencing a great shift, so your souls too are experiencing a transition to Light, a deep awakening. And yes, I know you wish to have your question answered: *“How long will this take? How long must I wait? How long until I engage in that promised flow of work, bringing the Truth to mankind?”* In the measure of things, I would tell you my sons, the time is fast approaching. There is not much time at all and there is no time to waste. Yet, your vision, your ideas of what God calls upon you to do, your place within His great plan for the salvation of mankind will be much different from your ideas and your fantasies of what true soul awakening is.

You see, you are like a flower in bud becoming, you cannot even tell the color that is coming, let alone the shape and texture of the petals that will unfold. Yet within the sun of God’s Love comes this awakening and this unfolding comes quickly, surprisingly, joyfully. If you think of your soul as a potted flower which you take indoors and then when that warm sun glows, you put it within its rays, so it is your efforts, consistent efforts, to bring that flower into the sun and warmth, to tend to that flower which is your soul, to love that flower with joyful anticipation of what is to come. You have a great responsibility to awaken in that warmth and Light of the Father’s Love. Caring for your soul is not complex. It is simple, but requires dedication and time to focus, to awaken, to put aside those distractions that keep you from this and be in the flow, to be in the Light.

God gives you these blessings without restriction as long as you comply to the laws and hold them willingly and allow that which is not in harmony with Love to fall away. Much of your energy goes to resisting those things within you that are not in alignment with Love. Though you deny this, you see yourselves as being very dedicated, indeed there are still parts, chambers within, that are heavily guarded which you do not wish to look upon. You must look my beloved friends. You must look closely, pray fervently. In this way, all that obstructs this full awakening of your beautiful soul will fall away. Few in your world are willing to look into the depths of their soul, but you must in order to fulfill these dreams and desires to awaken fully and to serve God in purity. The power of His Touch, His Love, awakening your gifts and awakening your understanding of His Will.

Few are willing, but those who are strong enough, who are clear enough, who have great faith and trust in this momentous process of healing and awakening, will lead many others to this place of Truth. And as the world endeavours to heal itself, so you will bring a wisdom, a wisdom and a powerful Truth, to help those lost souls, and there will be many lost souls, to come to that place of understanding, of reconciling their souls with God. This is God’s Plan and He awaits the full awakening of your beautiful souls, its potentials realized and at the ready to be used in His service.

Please do not feel that the road ahead is too difficult or insurmountable, because my friends, you are strong. You are of great faith, and you will surmount those things which hold you back from the purity and grace that is required to be the Father’s channels of Love and Truth and Light in the world. These events in the world that are coming will only remind you of the need and necessity to be awake. Rather than a sense of foreboding or fear, apprehension, know that as these conditions continue to escalate and that humanity is coming closer to reconciliation with God. And you my friends are closer than the vast majority of your brothers and sisters. We rely upon you as does God to continue to engage in this process of healing and awakening and exploring all the chambers of your soul and asking God to heal each and every aspect to bring it to harmony, to bring Love into every part, awakening the whole of you to deep awareness, Love, compassion, and Truth.

So we continue to minister to you my beloved brothers and all who are intent upon the awakening of their soul. Yes the time is short, but it is not impossible for you to come to that place of true awakening. If in times to come your awakening is not complete, I do not suggest that God will forsake you or not use that which you have to give to assist others in Truth. We merely encourage you to strive for the highest, to express your great soul in all its beauty and light, to utilize all the gifts and wisdom of your soul to help others to see and know God’s great Truth and Love.

Continue to pray my brothers. Continue upon your journey of awakening. Make this your focus. Make this your joyful dedication to God. God bless you beloveds. May His Love continue to awaken every part of you and keep you within His Light and Love. God bless you. I am Andrew. I love you. My beloved brothers, I love you.