---
title: "Your Growing Strength Prepares You to Serve in Coming Times"
menu_title: ""
description: "Martin Luther says Your Growing Strength Prepares You to Serve in Coming Times"
date: 2020-06-19 06:00:01+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 362
---
# Your Growing Strength Prepares You to Serve in Coming Times

October 17<sup>th</sup>, 2018

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I am Martin Luther. The plight of mankind rests upon those who are willing to make change in this world. Those souls who reject the common attitudes and prevailing conditions of this world, and who make deep and personal change within themselves. They are the ones that will be strong enough, hardy enough and centered within their souls, so that they may live the truth clearly, without ambivalence, with no self-delusions and with no misunderstandings. 

As your souls, my friends, are purified and awakened in God’s Love, so you choose to be that channel of Love, a strong force in your world, a leader amongst men. Because you have decided that the truth, or so-called truth of mankind has within their consciousness is not a truth that is needed in this world. Instead, you have seen something higher, greater and purer. Something that is of love, rather than the desire for power, control and insistence upon the desires of mankind and their baser instincts to prevail. You have come to a place of knowing your higher desires and inclinations, that of your soul. You have focused your efforts, dedicated your time, disciplined your thoughts and directed your will towards these higher inclinations and desires. You have put forth your prayers towards God, seeking the gift of His Love, allowing the power of this gift, the beauty and transformative aspects of this gift, to dominate your thinking and your doing in the world. To bring your souls forward, to bring the understandings, the faculties, the gifts of your soul to a place where you recognize these aspects of yourself and enact what comes to your consciousness from your soul. This requires great strength in a world that draws you away from these things, a world so consumed with different ideas, motivations and actions. You continue to reject the reality of mankind and all its illusions and error and adopt instead the Source of all truth through your efforts to reach to God. 

This is what is needed in your world, my beloved friends. With an awakened soul, you carry a great light, the power of truth, the depth of awareness, a flow of love that will bring great influence to the world, to all you meet, to your lives in every way. God beseeches you to be in this light, to be a channel of love, to be close to Him and you continue to struggle, make great effort to pray together as you do, to seek God’s embrace, to be at-one. 
Yes, it is the brave souls who venture beyond the normalcies of life to something different, something higher, with purity and wisdom, that this world will change in accordance to the changes that you make within yourselves to bring this influence, my friends. The power of your souls ignited in love brings its influence to your world. The power of your motivations acquiescing to God’s Will and guidance will bring change to your world. The clarity that comes with the marriage of the mind and the soul will bring great wisdom to your world. The strength that you continue to bring to your bodies, your minds, and your soul will allow you the opportunities to reach out to many souls. 

What you are learning at this time and what you awaken to at this time, opens the doors to many, many opportunities to bring truth to mankind. In time you will join with others. In time, there will be a great desire and movement towards light in your world. As the old ways continue to display its true nature, the darkness that comes from the error of those who continue to lead and have power in your world, crumbles with the influence and efforts by the Creator to thwart the energies of darkness, that which does not sustain life, but instead, takes life and creates a great imbalance in your world. There are great forces in your world, beloved souls, great forces that would bring pain and suffering to many in order to bring power and wealth to some. They cling to their distorted ideas and beliefs. They walk in the world thinking they are immune from the consequences of their actions. They surround themselves with their illusions, their gratifications and their sense of righteousness. All the while, they dig themselves deeper into darkness and emasculate their power in so doing. For the true power that comes to humanity comes from God, from His blessings of Love and Light, healings and peace. These things are sustainable. These things bring truth. These things bring wisdom and the ability to bring solutions to the dilemmas of mankind. 

As the conditions of those in deep darkness continue to escalate and deepen, and yet,  their true power diminishes, yours grows. And as in ascendancy, the power of all those that desire to bring light and truth to this world is growing. For God continues to touch each of these beautiful souls, each of you, strengthening and awakening, bringing deep insights and a power that is to be reconciled with, my beloveds. Although you not feel this or recognize this, there is a great power growing within you that will serve you in times to come as you venture out into the world to do God’s bidding, to bring truth, to show the way towards love and harmony. 

We nurture you within this crucible of light. We help you to birth your souls into the deep awareness of your consciousness, so that you are able to live in this world but not be of it, to be a deep and powerful channel of love and wisdom, to walk with a strength, a light and a beauty that will be recognized, to bring the gifts that are contained within your soul forth in their resplendent beauty and power and capacities to heal and comfort many in truth. These things God lays at your feet, my beloveds.  The strength that builds within you is necessary, so to be the reformers that you are meant to be in the world, to walk with such strength that when you are challenged, you are not weakened. You will not capitulate to the cries of those who hold steadfastly to power and ignorance and darkness. Instead, like our brother Jesus, you will move forward in love, compassion and wisdom. You will not feel the barbs and stings of the arrows tossed towards you from those who are frightened and those who are eager to suppress light. No, my beloveds, you will stand tall and be strong. With each prayer, each breath that you take at this time, you are strengthening yourselves and bringing the light ever deeper into your souls through your prayers and longings through God’s Touch and ministrations upon you. 

Drink deep these blessings, beloved friends, and know that we stand with you. The strength and solidarity of heaven is with you. You may rely upon our protection, our ministrations of love, our words of support, and our touch upon you as God’s instruments of love. We are with you, beloveds, and we shall never leave. This power and strength will grow. Your awareness of such will grow as your light continues to shine within and your gifts open, each flower blooming in the sun of God’s warmth and Love. Beloved souls, you are stronger than you think and this strength will continue to be displayed in your life and your efforts to bring light in the world.

God bless you, my beloved friends. I am with you. I am Martin Luther, one who knows well the power of reform and the effort that is taken to bring change in the world. I stand with you with my strength, my light, my love. As do many. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you. 
