---
title: "The Metamorphosis of the Soul"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Metamorphosis of the Soul"
date: 2025-09-03 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Metamorphosis of the Soul

July 12<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. You articulate your needs and your dilemmas well, my friend, in your prayer. It is the needs and the dilemmas of most of you in this group and certainly the vast majority of humanity in the world, to navigate the needs of the body and the mind in a world that is so enmeshed in the concreteness of material, by the weightiness of the world that insists that you are a part of it in order to survive.

Yet we are asking of you something completely different from this perspective. We are asking you to shift your consciousness from this insistent and persistent need of the material, its distractions and conditions that make up so much of the human condition, as we call it. The time you spend in prayer, the time you spend contemplating higher thoughts and truths, is often minimal compared to your daily life. We have our dilemmas, my beloved friends. How do we help you integrate, shift, change and transform this very real and very insistent condition of the material with that of the spiritual?

Each of you tries, in your own way, to establish this integration, to apply it to your daily life. Indeed, step by step, you are doing so, but the pace of that integration is often slow and erratic. It is difficult, we know. We see the conditions that you inhabit. I have made comment on how difficult they are and how I have compassion for this great struggle. Yet, you have elected to go to something higher, to live in a reality that is different from what it is for most and to be an instrument for God, a channel of love, light and truth.

It is interesting that your goal here is the material goal. It is the manifestation so that it becomes material and recognisable by every soul on this Earth of yours. On one hand, is it not ironic that you do so? Yet, on the other, it is a very practical desire. For how else are you going to reach those who are very much asleep, who are steadfast in their material concerns and unable to reach beyond them? Within every soul upon your planet is a desire for God, but that desire is squashed by the weight of material desire. You have recognised that desire within you, have acted upon it and have been given the ways and means of fulfilling the soul desire for God.

This is our great hope. This is where our motivations arise. When we see the soul desire within you, when we recognise something that is also within us, that great need for God, that beautiful outreach of the soul for God. This is your great power, the great leverage that you carry. It comes in prayer. It comes in this desire to be close to your Creator. In this, we are brothers and sisters. In this, we have a way in, into your consciousness. In this, we are building a harmony and a capacity of soul understanding, awareness, building truth, building love and building light.

Yet, the dilemmas remain, my beloved friends. The heaviness of the Earth continues to weigh you down. The needs of those around you often weigh you down. There is much that contradicts your desires, your higher desires to be with God. Yet, you persist. You are faithful. You are prayerful. Though often after a session of prayer, you are back engaging in the material in such a way that it almost contradicts the effects, at least in a conscious way. Yet, within your soul builds a power, a beautiful light, a capacity for love that must burst forth and shine forth in your life. Despite your mindful best efforts to repress this, it must come.

Indeed, when you are uncomfortable and the conditions within your mind feel confused and contradictory, this is the result of the pressure building within you. That “head of steam,” if you will, that wishes to be released and to be expressed. At times, you have what you call expiations and releases of dark emotions and dark thoughts that you are more likely to attribute to dark spirits around you rather than what is within you. It is easier that way, I know. Yet, in truth, you are well protected, my friends. In truth, what comes forth from deep within is the result of years of error and erroneous actions and thoughts that must be released. That pressure insists upon it. The waking of the soul is not an easy thing. It is not a comfortable thing, for any transformation requires adjustment, requires adjustment on many different levels when it comes to the soul awakening from its slumbers.

You are required to be vigilant, aware, honest and willing, brave, allowing yourself to undergo the metamorphosis of the soul that, in time, will metamorphosise everything that you are. It is that powerful and that beautiful in its scope. Allow yourself the freedom to let go of those dreadful conditions that cause you pain and suffering, that at times motivate you to lash out at others in anger, frustration and judgement. Often, these conditions you see in another are a reflection of your own. Often, what you are expressing is completely misplaced. It really is your own frustration, your own judgement about yourself, your own condition coming to the fore in such a powerful way that you see your entire life, your entire reality, coloured by it.

Yet if, in prayer, you ask that this condition be released, that this error be corrected, that this darkness be transformed into light, then you will find success and the transformation will take place. The release will happen. When that release is true and the direct result of the power of God's Love within you, then it will be with you no more, other than a distant memory. The emotions, the feelings, the condition, the sense of it will have evaporated and will have been replaced by love. These things that I speak of you know well, my friends. I only wish to remind you, only wish to say that the process continues. You have the gift of direct voice within each one of you, but you must come into alignment with it. It is a gift that is given so that you are motivated in the process of purification, of release of conditions, of waking up to the true condition of your soul and, in prayer, transforming it with love.

We continue on this journey. The goal you see before you, like that old story of the carrot in front of the donkey. For often it is this way. How do we motivate you to truly change? How do we help you to let go of the old and truly embrace the new? Because you live in such a coarse and heavy world, such ways and means of motivation are necessary, for your thinking, your consciousness, is very rudimentary and requires basic forms of motivation. Yet, within your soul is a deep motivation to be with God, to truly love God and to know God's Love, which you knew at some point before you incarnated. You knew the power of that Love. God has given you the gift of life, of individualisation, so that you may not only know the power of God's Love but have a portion of it for yourself for eternity.

What a gift that is for you and for all of humanity throughout the universe. You may seek it out and you do, my beloved friends. We urge you to continue with fervency and desire, because this gift, this Love, is the key to everything that I speak of, to every healing, transformation and expiation that you must go through in order to attain this beautiful state and condition of soul. Be true to the process, my beloved friends. Do not be afraid of it and do not repress it. Be true to it, true to yourself. Indeed, the momentum of the Love that builds within you will ensure that the transformation will take place.

Sometimes the burden that you carry is the burden of truth. There is no excuse to wallow in your own pain, pity and all that is out of harmony with love. For you know the antidote. You are aware of how you may escape, but that humanness within you wants to put the responsibility upon something outside of yourself. Some blame God. Some blame political forces. Some blame many things that keep them from harmony. Yet you, my friends, cannot blame anything or anyone, for it is your responsibility to uphold the truth that you know, to live by it, to breathe by it and to truly be immersed within it. In this way, all of these dilemmas, frictions, judgements, etc., that lay within your consciousness will be transformed by Love. Indeed, solutions will become evident once your condition, your level of consciousness, is raised to the point where you may see them, appreciate them and embrace them.

Yes, it is a difficult process. You ask for a difficult gift, but it awaits you, my friends, truly awaits you, if you could only climb that mountain willingly, without constriction and complaint, without rationalisation and distraction, with pure soul desire. This is the motivation which is truly needed. It is not a carrot. It gives and gives and gives to each of you. It gives wholeheartedly, abundantly, lusciously, beautifully. It is for you to avail yourself of the bounty that God gives. I urge you to do so. Do not delay. Do not obstruct. Do not hold back your own progression but be truly motivated by the soul. Be truly in harmony and alignment with our beautiful Creator and all the laws that are part of that creation, the Laws of Love. You will find great joy as you climb further and the air is more refined and the Love is more pure in your consciousness, as you are able to discern and to experience the wonderment of this great gift.

God bless you, my friends. We climb with you. We put out a helping hand. We love you so and we are with you on the journey, my beloved friends. God is always there. Your angel friends are always there. Be truly a part of the journey. Let everything else go and know the focus, the power and the wonderment of the journey of the soul. God bless you, my friends. Orion loves you. God bless you.
