---
title: "Your Efforts Will Change the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Your Efforts Will Change the World"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Your Efforts Will Change the World

October 25<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

The way to service is through love, my beloveds. I come. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. I come to assure you that the work that you do together will have its effects upon the world. As you continue to dedicate yourselves and your lives to this spiritual work, you will touch souls and bring influence of light and love into the world.

Do not underestimate the efforts that you make and the efforts of your angel friends and stellar friends to bring change to your world. Your efforts are changing you, my beloveds. Within you, a power of light and love, a beautiful expression of your soul grows. It will be felt not only by you and those around you but by the world. It comes in the onrush of God's Love as you seek it out and grow with it. It becomes a signature that indicates your presence, your being in the world, a signature that cannot be passed by but is felt by every soul that you encounter. Their minds may not understand or be aware, but their souls know fully well that they stand in the presence of truth, that they stand in the presence of God's instruments. In this there is a stirring of the soul, a stirring and a sort of reverence that, in time, will come to the surface of consciousness and assist them to understand the mission that you have and we share together to awaken humanity.

Be aware of the power of love, of God's Love flowing through you, of God's Love residing within you. This is the key to all that you do, all the work that is carried out together. It is reliant upon the power of God's Love to bring to the realisation, the message, the blessing, the transformation that is needed in the world. Each of you who has partaken of this blessing are a part of this effort, this plan that God has for the salvation of humanity. Understand the role that you play. Honour it and dedicate yourself to the purpose that God has put within you so that you may truly fulfil God's plan, your part, your efforts, your gifts, all that you are in alignment with all that God wishes of you. For when you can be in alignment, when love is the currency of your life, when you are truly a channel for God and this blessing of Love, then you will have your effects upon the world, formidable and beautiful.

Be true to your soul's longings, my beloveds. Be true to all which is of love. Be true and steadfast and all that God has to give to you will be yours, nothing held back, nothing that is a secret that is taken away, nothing that there is a barrier toward. All is given. All is given in love and shall pour forth in mighty rivers of love, light and truth. As you seek your alignment with God, so the flow will be formidable and the blessings deep and healing, bringing peace in its stead. My beloveds, beautiful disciples of truth, we stand together and walk upon the path that God has designated for us. We are all His channels of love. We shall work together in unity and harmony to bring this forward, to bring peace to the world and for the children and the children of children, a peace that is lasting and will make life vital and in harmony with God's Laws of Love.

God bless you, my beloveds. I am Jesus and I walk with you always. Continue to uphold the truth and we will work together to bring this truth to all of humanity in the many ways and means that God has made possible to do so. God bless you. My love is with you all. God bless you.
