---
title: "Understanding the Difficulty of Receiving Truth in its Purity"
menu_title: ""
description: "Understanding the Difficulty of Receiving Truth in its Purity"
date: 2025-06-01 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Understanding the Difficulty of Receiving Truth in its Purity

April 12<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved souls. It is your teacher, Augustine. I come to inspire and to uplift you, to teach and to show the way. There is still so much for you to know, beloved souls. For those who are eager for knowledge and those of you who study in books and information provided on this earthly plane, it is important for you to understand that much of this information that is given has been highly altered and filtered through the minds of those individuals who are speaking or who are instruments for the channelling of truth. Thus, your perception of truth is limited by the conditions from which you study and absorb truth.

It is difficult for us, even though we are of the highest, to bring truth to you in such a way that it is not translated and filtered through these conditions that are of the earthly plane. We keep our words simple and concise. We keep our guidance straightforward and always encouraging you to seek out your Heavenly Father. For in your seeking of God, when you receive the great gift of His Love, you open up the passageway for clear and powerful guidance and truth.

When you receive truth through a medium such as this, you can be reassured that what is being received is accurate but limited. When you receive Truth from God directly, then there is a greater possibility for you to understand truth in a way that is revelatory and multidimensional. For the faculties of the soul are capable of receiving information in a different way than of the mind. It is often not of words, but it could be. It is often in visual stories, but not necessarily. It is always of feeling a sense of truth. Indeed, each of you is well enough along the path that you recognise that signal, that sense that what you are observing and absorbing is of truth.

Discernment is very important. Discernment is necessary, for you still have a very powerful and active mind that is all too eager to interpret and to categorise what is being given in such a way that much of the meaning is lost. You must rely upon your feelings, that sense within you that truth is being given, and that within the faculties that you possess, which are always able and capable of receiving truth, that you are realigning your capacities to understand truth, by adopting the passageways of the soul in its way of communicating with God, making this a priority, the choice of reception and of communication.

For those of you on Earth, this is a difficult choice, for it does not come readily. It is not obvious in the material sense, but the soul is not a material thing. It is purely of the spiritual. Thus, you have trouble recognising its existence and the subtleties of its experience and communication in the beginning. Yet, as you continue to strive toward higher truth and greater development of the soul through receiving the great gift from God, the capacity to recognise, acknowledge and experience what is the soul's communication with God, then it becomes easier. You are less confused or less inclined to discredit or be distracted from what is being given. Each of you struggles in this regard. Often you think you have the matter well in hand. You believe you have the truth well established within you. Yet, you still waver toward that which is not of the soul, that which is of the material mind and that which reinforces certain errors and misunderstandings.

We do not judge you for this, my beloved friends. We understand the difficulties of receiving truth in its purity. Indeed, what you have absorbed that is of error is of a minor consequence in the larger picture of your soul's progress. Yet, we wish to utilise each of you as teachers and examples of truth. Thus, you carry a great responsibility to be that example and to convey truth as purely as you can. In this way, you are important, very important, to us and to God. For there are few who are willing to take this road, few who are willing to continue upon this road, sloughing off error as you go, coming into greater and higher truth as you progress, allowing yourselves the freedom to release the constrictions of the mind and to adopt the expansiveness of soul consciousness. In this expansiveness, you gain great abilities to know God and to communicate with God.

At this time, these capacities are somewhat meagre. Yet, you have faith, my beloved students, in the process, what will come and what will be in your consciousness, your experience of life. As you continue to pray for the great gift, so this consciousness grows stronger. As you continue to open yourself to what experiences may come of this, you are strengthening your capacity to know truth in its purity and as you come to know your own soul.

Yes, you must befriend your soul in all ways and means that are possible. In many ways, what is truly your soul is a stranger and is not well known, for you live in a world that is contrary to knowing the soul. You continue to engage in this world wholeheartedly, even though, in your minds and thoughts, you believe that you are not. Yet, it is all around you. It is infusing your mind constantly. If not in overt and material ways, the spiritual conditions of your world ensure that the flow of thoughts continue to influence you. We can indeed protect you and we do, but as a result of the Laws of Attraction and Rapport, what you think and what you desire draw in many different forces and many different responses. Even in that background noise that are your many thoughts, they are actively influencing your condition, your light and your capacity to be in the purity of God's Love.

This road that we take together, this desire to actively pursue God with the soul, is a difficult road upon your earthly plane. You are receiving much help and support as you take this road. Because of the conditions which I have described, God ensures that you are secured upon the Divine Path. Your responsibility is to secure yourself upon that Path, to not linger in distractions and conditions that are unnecessary and counterproductive. It is important that you are disciplined, that you continue upon this road wholeheartedly, even though much of you is blind and ignorant to what this means. Yet, with faith, with the strength of conviction, you will find yourself progressing on this road. Indeed, as you become a greater light, bright and beautiful, the inclinations and desires of the dark spirits are to try to destroy and take down this light. They will use any means possible to do so. Thus, you must be vigilant. When you see the darkness influencing your loved ones, influencing the world, you must be strong in prayer and pray for the protection of all around you.

You take the highest road. You ask for the most powerful and beautiful gift that God has to offer. You wish to serve as instruments to help others see and know this Truth. Indeed, these aspirations are commendable and this draws us close. It is important that you recognise what it entails and how the depth of your pursuit, expressed in true prayer, thought and desire, is most important at this time. For conditions continue to worsen on your world. Challenges will continue to manifest around you. It is time, as it has always been time, to pray fervently, to act in harmony with the Laws of Love and to be a beautiful light unsullied by conditions that would assail you and diminish you.

It is important that you are strong, forthright, responsible, seeking the truth with every breath, to express it in every way. This is what is laid before you as an invitation. Indeed, our hope is it is an expectation within you to be in alignment with this light, truth and love. All that you require is made available. All that is of light, truth and love is yours. It is for you to align yourself, to be in harmony, to make those choices in thought and deed of what you are exposed to and what you are willing to release that is not in harmony with love.

I speak seriously to you, my beloved and beautiful students. Yet, these are serious times and there are serious challenges now and in the future. You must be prepared, you must be strong and you must be in alignment with God as fully as you are capable. If you allow your weaknesses to continue to thrive within you, then as conditions worsen, your capacity to cope and to continue to thrive in light is vulnerable. It is important that you realise the darkness that is arrayed around you and this planet and how you must fight back with your will, your choices, your desire and your efforts.

Know that we are with you, my beloveds, beautiful students of truth. We are with you and we shall never forsake you. Never. We may be called upon. You know that God is always seeking connection with you and that we will minister to you as fully and completely as we are able. This we have promised for many years. We have fulfilled that promise and we will continue to do so. We love you, beautiful souls, children of God. We love you. Our love is great and God's Love is infinite. Seek out the Love first and foremost and all else will fall into place. The timing and intensity of this is left up to you. We remind you, we cajole you and we inspire you to continue on the journey, to do so forthrightly and with great faith.

I am your teacher, Augustine, and I love you dearly. God bless you in His Love.
