---
title: "Your Prayers for Departed Souls"
menu_title: ""
description: "Your Prayers for Departed Souls"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Your Prayers for Departed Souls

October 30<sup>th</sup>, 2025

One Nation Circle of Light, Rock Hill, SC, USA

Anna received by Elizabeth Mack

I am Anna. I come to you from far above in the Celestial Heavens. I come to bring you comfort for those loved ones for whom you pray and those loved ones who remain in your hearts and souls, for it is not easy to lose loved ones when they depart the Earth plane and move into the spirit world.

But I tell you, they are well cared for when they transition into the spirit world. Many souls surround them in reunion. Many other souls come to care for them and teach them how to live their lives in the spirit world. Although you miss them, their physical beings, know that your love for them lives on and is active. Your prayers for them propel them forward in their progression as they are open to receiving the blessings that you pray to have them receive. Rejoice for these souls who begin their progression, their journey in the spirit world. Rejoice and feel comforted by the Truth that you know that God’s Love is available to them and that you can help them with your prayers for their souls to open and be shown the way to the light.

There is much that you can do for these souls, much that you can do here upon the Earth and much that you can do for all of your brothers and sisters. Do not limit yourselves, but allow God to guide you in your prayers. Allow your souls to guide you in your desires for truth, in your willingness to help others and in your understanding of all that God can do for you and your loved ones. Do not limit yourselves.

I come with blessings and I come with Jesus, who comes to bless each soul in this circle and those souls in the spirit world, for mighty is his love. I am Anna. My love is with you also. May God bless each and every one of you and know that your prayers are answered.
