---
title: "Lesson on Free Will on Earth and In Spirit"
menu_title: ""
description: "Lesson on Free Will on Earth and In Spirith"
date: 2025-09-01 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Lesson on Free Will on Earth and In Spirit

August 5<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Happy Mediums Development Group, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved students. I am your teacher, Augustine. Since you have given me the opportunity to teach, I shall teach. You ask the question about free will in the spirit world, so I will comment on that question.

God gave every soul who incarnates into the material world and progresses into the spirit world ultimate free will, but you must consider what influences free will. On the earthly plane, free will has quite a range of expression, Yet, even on this plane of yours, there is much influence. You are receiving information in the material sense constantly. You have the influence of spirits around you constantly. Everyone is susceptible to such influence on this plane. The range of choice that one makes with daily life is often highly influenced by outside forces, but still that choice is available and is active within each individual.

It is somewhat different in the spirit world. Because of the Law of Attraction, many are drawn together of like mind and spiritual condition. This acts as a very powerful influence upon the thoughts and expressions of the soul in the spirit world. The power of that influence is great in the lower spheres. There is less knowledge and, with less knowledge, there is less flexibility and range of choice within that existence, but it still exists. There are influences that come into those spheres of a higher level that help others to realise that there are choices and that there are possibilities within their lives.

God makes available the opportunity to make choices always. In the way of progression, there is always influence. There is always an opportunity to assist another to progress, whether they are in the dark spheres or in the spheres of light. God has made the universe in such a way that progression will take place. Indeed, progression does take place. In time, the hells will empty, the lower spheres will empty and there will be existence either in the Sixth Sphere or in the Celestial Heavens. There will be no other place in which to inhabit other than the material world. As for those who receive Divine Love to a lesser degree, the influence of that Love will continue to compel the individual toward God, but the individual has free will. Whether that urge and desire to be with God is fulfilled and that they take up the practice of receiving Divine Love through prayer, is entirely their choice. God will not countermand choice and free will. God will allow the individual soul their own journey of progression, their own choice of how they will progress.

No one is immune from this possibility and responsibility to make that choice. To be in alignment with God is a choice. To exist in God’s universe is not a choice, for they exist there, nonetheless. How they navigate God’s universe, how they navigate life, is their choice. How they navigate the spirit world is their choice. Yet, in the lower spheres, of which the Earth plane is a part, those choices are somewhat limited compared to the choices in the higher spheres, because the knowledge and understanding of what these choices may be is limited by the conditions of those spheres, with one exception. The Earth plane has many different conditions within it. You choose to live a life in the light, in a higher condition, while many do not. Thus, you have opened the door to many more choices in your life, many more possibilities, while others are ignorant and do not know of these choices and do not know of the possibilities.

In the lower realms of the spirit world, the issue is similar, where the individual continues to comply with the atmosphere and the condition in which they live and exist. Their minds are somewhat acquiescent to this condition. Yet, within the soul is an urgency and a desire to progress. This does not mean that they will automatically come to know Divine Love or accept Divine Love as the way of progression. Unfortunately, many do not. They progress through mental purification and the purification of their spirit. Thus, the idea of expanding the soul with God’s Love is a foreign concept and is often not accepted by the mind, as you well know with your own experience in this regard.

At some point along the road, there is a division between those who choose the mindful road, the road of the natural love, as we call it, and those who choose the road of the Divine Love. This is not a steadfast rule, for those who choose natural love to begin with may cross over to Divine Love, but it is very unlikely that those who choose Divine Love will cross back to natural love. The power of Divine Love in their souls continues to compel them forward within soul progression, which in time overtakes the mind and integrates the mind into the soul consciousness. There is much to learn in this regard. You will see for yourselves as you progress from the material world into the spirit world. As you observe these worlds, these conditions, these spheres, you will see how many are fixed within a certain mind frame and condition. It is difficult for them to be released from that condition, although this is the goal. Some stay within that condition for a very, very long time. It is their reality.

The reality in the spirit world reflects the condition of the soul of the individual, but that soul is compelled to progress one way or another. They will, in time, progress beyond whatever condition they find themselves in at that moment. They will step forward into greater light, harmony, understanding and love. The love may be of a natural quality, but it is love nonetheless. As they progress higher up the ladder of awareness, light and harmony, alignment with God’s Laws of Creation and, for those on the Divine Path, alignment with God’s Laws of Love, they progress accordingly. As free will is more open to them because of the depth of knowledge that they have, their vision and their perception of the possibilities of their life, their progression is often swifter as they move up this ladder. The choices that they make are more in alignment with progression. The mindfulness or the soulfulness reflects their state of progression and light.

Light begets light. Love begets love. Progression encourages further progression. The momentum builds. For those who walk the Divine Path, when they enter into the Celestial Kingdom, which they will in time because they have chosen this and practised this and they begin to see that the possibility of progression has no limits. The expansion of the soul has no limits. They begin to understand through their soul’s perceptions that there is no limitation.

On the road of natural progression, this understanding and perception does not come to the individual, even though in their mind they may think and believe that their progression is limitless. From your perspective, it would look that way because of your limited understanding, but from ours, we realise through our perceptions that there are limitations to that condition, even when that individual reaches the Sixth Sphere, the human paradise. There are certain qualities of the natural man, those qualities that the individual was born with and have been perfected through their journey through the material world and then the spirit world to the Sixth Sphere. Indeed, that condition of purity has many possibilities associated with it, but there are limits. That limitation has been reached by some, yet they are content with it for the time being.

Yet, the great joy that comes when the soul enters into the Celestial Kingdom comes because there comes a realisation of the possibilities, the opening of faculties of the soul, the journey towards at-onement with God, the accumulation of Love and more Love, and understanding that accumulation of it has no limit, no end. It brings great joy and great excitement when that realisation comes. We live in a state of joy. We live in a state of bliss. We live with God. In this, we are fulfilled, yet seeking at the same time to be with our Heavenly Father, to be close. Though we are mere fireflies compared to the great blazing sun of God’s Soul, we are drawn and we shall be drawn for eternity.

Yet, we still possess free will. We still must choose each and every moment. Without free will, how can we be activated in our service to you, to humanity, to the universe? It comes through desire and desire then is expressed. In that expression is the materialisation, if I may use that word, of the expression. This is the act of free will. Each of you has this gift. Each soul that God has created has this gift and shall use it for as long as they exist. Free will is a fundamental part of the individual. God has given you this great gift. It is for you to utilise, to put into action the inclinations and desires that you have, or to choose not to put into action those inclinations and desires.

It is for you to choose. It always has been that way in your life and it always will be in your existence. The double-edged sword. I know some of you are fond of saying, *“take away my free will, bring me to You, put aside all those impediments and make me Your child at one with You.”* Yet, where is the journey, the experience, the expression of the soul without free will? It lacks vitality. It lacks the creative expressions and uniqueness of each individual soul. Free will is a powerful gift and, indeed, it is a wonderful gift. Revere this gift, my beloved friends. Walk in the world aware that God has given you the possibility of choosing. I urge you to choose wisely, to seek for the highest, to seek for God’s Love to enter into your soul, to seek to serve God and to serve humanity. These are all high aspirations that will open the door to greater knowledge, understanding and perceptions that will help you to choose wisely and continue to choose the direction toward light and harmony.

Free will is a powerful element in your life and in the universe of God’s created souls. It is necessary. It is that beautiful and perfect creation of God continuing to be refined and expressed in many ways. Free will makes this possible for you. Indeed, God in His loving compassion and desire for each one of you to progress toward greater light, harmony, love and joy and all the good things that are possible in your life and your soul, is given through free will.

May you be blessed upon your journey and recognise how beautiful God’s gifts to you are, how beautiful a creation you are, how magnificent you are and the potentials within you can be limitless. God bless you, my beloved students. Your teacher, Augustine, loves you so and is happy to have this opportunity to teach this little lesson. I hope that it is clear, that it gives you greater understanding, a greater depth of understanding and a greater appreciation of what God has created within you, the potentials and possibilities that exist because of the gift of free will. God bless you, beloved students. God bless you.
