---
title: "Open Your Souls to God's Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Open Your Souls to God's Light"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Open Your Souls to God's Light

October 17<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

God bless you, my beloveds. I am Mary. I come in love. I come as a light to brighten your lives and to uplift you in light. I come in peace, for peace is the hallmark of God’s Love. I come to bring the blessings of healing and upliftment, that God’s Love may indeed make a mighty inflowing into your souls. I urge you to pray for this and to seek this out. I come with many other angels to surround you and to uplift you, to protect you and to guide you.

Open your faculties, my beloveds, those faculties of the soul that God may speak to you and guide you, that you may be aware of the steps needed for further soul progression and expression. For God has much to impart to you. God has much to guide you. For He uses each one of you as His instruments, whether you are aware or not. It is the case, my beloveds, and He sends angels to be by your side. His light pours upon you. How blessed you are, beloved children of God. How blessed we all are with the Hand of God upon us and the blessings of His Love pouring into our souls. We continue to progress upon that eternal journey toward at-onement with our beautiful Creator, our Heavenly Father.

My beloveds, we are in that place of grace and peace, that Hall of Peace. It is ours today. May you feel the beauty and the wonderment that comes with the peace that passes all understanding. May you be fulfilled within with the joy that comes with these blessings. May you know the Light that God sheds upon you. May the wisdom of your soul reveal to you the wonders of God and the Will of God for each one. My beloveds, we pray together. We are together in this Light, band together in love. Feel the great upliftment and the Hall of Peace. It is given to you freely. Open your souls eagerly for the Father's Love to enter therein and you will feel the upliftment, the change that comes with that great gift, ever present, ever working within your soul.

God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary, Mother of Jesus. I come to be with you in loving reverie and acknowledgment of our Heavenly Father. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you.
