---
title: "Blessed and Encouraged on the Road Less Travelled"
menu_title: ""
description: "Blessed and Encouraged on the Road Less Travelled"
date: 2025-10-12 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Blessed and Encouraged on the Road Less Travelled

July 19<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

… world, my friends. I am Orion, a world that is enamoured with the mind, the intellect and all aspects of the mind, including the imagination.

In your world, the tendencies and desires of the soul are rarely understood nor exercised. Yours is not the only world in which this focus and predisposition is expressed. It is not the majority of worlds that we know of, but it is a substantial portion. The majority seek out God and seek out the nourishment of their souls, for in this practice and desire, greater joy and a more full understanding of the universe is obtained. The intellect is limited. The material, mindful pursuits have their focus and their direction, but when the mind of the soul is engaged, that direction is greater and the possibilities of understanding are greater. Thus, the mindful pursuits are like a two-dimensional sphere that lacks depth, where the pursuits of the soul are three-dimensional and 360 degrees, a possibility of knowledge and experience, of knowing that which is created, the universe of God.

I urge you upon the journey of soul awakening and development. You have the desire for this. Each of you pursues this in your own way. Each of you knows that in order to nourish the soul, the Essence of God is required. We have our small band of intrepid travellers seeking soul development and awakening. I know that you desire to share, to open up the doors of this experience, knowledge and truth for your brothers and sisters. We too have a great desire to assist you on this journey and to utilise what you have gleaned in knowledge and truth to help your brothers and sisters. For why settle for that which is limited when you may have that which is unlimited? In the unlimited capacities of the soul, you will be able to explore all of the universe forever.

Yet, the vast majority of humanity feels safe and comforted by what they call reality. That reality is merely constructs of the material mind and perceptions of the material body combined into what is called reality. We bring you a different reality, that which does not engage the mind so much, that which even is limited in its engagement with the body, though these things are taken into consideration and incorporated in the process of soul awakening. It is the perceptions and feelings, the desires and the truth, true knowledge of the faculties of the soul that we wish to reinforce and support you upon such a journey.

It is contrary to so much in your world. This makes this journey difficult and challenging. Indeed, many challenge you upon that journey, for when you entertain something that is so different from the norm, many feel uneasy with you. Many wonder whether you are losing your mind. Indeed, that idea has a measure of truth. For the mind, though it will not be lost, will find a new way, a new expression embedded within the mind of the soul. Thus, you are the outliers in the journey of life. As you continue to see reality from a different perspective, you begin to recognise how far off the mark humanity is in its ideas and perceptions of reality.

This can be a lonely journey. Even your families and loved ones do not entertain what you entertain. Thus, you are truly an outlier taking this road less travelled, but there is an impetus, a desire, to do so. The soul, in its desires for God, its desires for truth, its desire to truly be a pure and loving being, an expression of self, has dominated your impetus and direction in life. You have drawn unusual friends, those of us from a faraway planet, Celestial Angels, bright spirits and those few that live on this earthly plane. Yet, the depth and breadth of this relationship, the quality of the love shared, what is given freely, the light that is shed upon you, the efforts that are made on your behalf and for your benefit, many blessings come through your effort to be different, to walk upon a path that is so rare and unique in this world that few truly understand why you do so.

Yet, we know you. Many know you. Those who have taken the higher plane of truth and expression of life recognise each of you as a brother and sister upon that journey. Be comforted that, in time, every soul will find their way to the higher, light-filled planes of reality. Many will take the direction of what you call the natural love path leading to Nirvana, the Sixth Sphere. Yet, there will be a substantial number who will take that path to the Celestial Kingdom, as you call it. Indeed, you will have your opportunities, your times, to help those individuals along the path toward at-onement with God.

You pray for this. You hope and pray for a way and means of showing others in a direct and palpable expression. Thus, you pray for what you call Direct Voice. We are with you in this effort. We come to help you and assist you in its development. Yet, primarily, we come to assist you in your own soul's development, the awakening of your soul. For if you have this gift, this demonstration of materialisation, what will you do with it? Are you equipped to teach and to demonstrate in your own way, of your own being, to help others cross the threshold from mindful pursuits to that of the soul? You must be of a great light. You must have the depth of wisdom, the surety of faith, the knowledge of these truths that are a part of this journey. Each and every day, I believe that you make efforts to help sustain and expand your knowledge and your light.

The journey continues, but it is not a journey that is swift. It is not a journey that is easily trod upon in effort and prayer. For, as I have said, the conditions around you are contrary to this and you are constantly challenged by them. Yet, you also have the support, love and blessings of those of us who love you and have dedicated themselves to your journey of upliftment and truth. You have God, who is with you, who loves you, who nurtures you and who is there with every breath. You have great resources arrayed around you. As your journey continues, there may be moments in the day when you forget about these things, not considering the vital requirement of your focus and dedication and faith on this path, but these are only temporary lapses of focus. What we see are souls who are struggling, but who have found ways to be strengthened, to know their true selves and to be in alignment with God. Since you have a firm foundation, my friends, beloved brothers and sisters, there is hope and even expectation on our side that you will indeed accomplish your goals and you will be steadfast in your development as a soul intimately connected with God.

We continue on our journeys together, my friends. I have great love and respect for each one of you. Each one, in their own way, takes the journey, the path that God has laid out for you and you alone, the path that you have chosen for yourself, the path that is part of your destiny. It all leads toward greater light, greater harmony and greater truth. All of these things are infused with love. We continue, my friends, upon a journey like none other, upon a journey that continues to contradict the general consensus of humanity and what is important and what is necessary in life. We continue in our contrary ways, in our dedications and our efforts. We will continue to do so until you are no longer a part of this material plane. We will continue to uphold you as you flourish upon this Divine Path.

Blessings to you, my friends. Orion loves you. We continue step by step. We know the power of Love to transform, to awaken and to empower the soul upon its journey that is intended by God's creation. God bless you, my friends. I love you. I love you so. You have my heart. You have my love and the love of your angel friends forever. God bless you.
