---
title: "Your Progression is Hastened By Faith"
menu_title: ""
description: "Your Progression is Hastened By Faith"
date: 2025-12-11 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Your Progression is Hastened By Faith

November 22<sup>nd</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

The work continues, my beloved souls. I am Orion. Each day you step closer. Each encounter with life assists you in your personal growth and awakening. Each choice you make allows you to grow deeper and more fulfilled within your soul. For God has given you the gift of life for this purpose. God has given you this purpose to deepen the gift of life that you have.

It is important that you continue to see yourself as a being that progresses and awakens. For this process, this awakening does not end. It continues for eternity. The steps will be millions upon millions of steps toward greater light, a depth of knowing, a truth of love that will expand and grow as you make those steps forward. In your world and your way of life, at times you grow impatient. At times you wonder whether you are truly progressing because of the way you see your life and your world. These steps seem tiny and ineffectual on the path of progression. Yet, they are not, my friends. They are the foundational steps to the eternal life of the soul.

Each decision, each thought, is crucial upon that road. For if your thoughts and deeds, intentions and desires are in alignment with truth, with the great Love of God and all that that brings, then your progress will be swift. Your days and expressions of those days will be effective, even powerful. Yet, if you meander along the road, if you lack enthusiasm and faith for the journey that you are on, indeed the progress is inhibited in relation to the depth of your apathy, your boredom, your frustration and your lack of faith. Each day marks the beginning. Each day reflects the depth of faith or the depth of that lack of faith. As you have encountered and experienced, that day will have a different hue, colour and feel. It is part of the human condition of your Earth. At times, you are distracted by it. At other times, you are immune from it and you carry the light forward for your soul's progression.

Be aware of this, my beloved friends, the choices you make with each day, the efforts that you make, the prayers that you have, the thoughts that are so evident. For as you consider the moment, that precious gift that is the moment, the moment of life, make your choices wisely. For you are empowered with choice. You are able to choose. Indeed, often you acquiesce to the flow of the human condition that is so powerful in your world. Yet, when you choose not to engage in this way, you make a choice toward light. Your soul has chosen over your mind. This creates a step that is effective and productive in terms of your soul's growth, awakening and transformation.

It begins with you, my beloved friends. It begins with the kernel of a thought, a kernel of desire, something small, something innocent. Yet, where that goes within your being and within your day determines so much and informs so much of the direction in which you will go. Day after day, that choice is made. Day after day, the outcomes of those choices are evident. Choose well, my beloved friends. You know the difference between choosing light and choosing darkness. You must be able to discern the difference between choosing mediocrity and choosing that which will propel you forward in your soul's progression.

It is important that you are in alignment with the Truth that is God’s Love and the laws pertaining to this. It is important that you choose light and all that brings light. It is important that you choose to be in the grace that is God’s Touch. For when these things are in your life consistently, then the progression that you so desire to make, the transformation that is just at the tip of your fingers, will be yours. Indeed, these dreams of being an instrument powerful enough to touch many souls, to bring this truth to many, will be realised and will be evident. That kernel of truth within you, which is within your soul, will flourish, grow and become you in all ways and in all expressions. It begins with a choice. It begins very small but grows into something magnificent and formidable. Choose wisely, my friends, and walk upon the path of truth with every breath. Be in alignment with your Creator. Be in alignment with light. All else will flow in response to this.

May God bless you deeply, my beloved friends, and keep you in His Light. We are close and shall remain so as you walk that path of choice and expression and be with you each day. God bless you. Orion loves you, dear, dear souls, children of truth. God bless you.
