---
title: "Are You Ready to Serve? The Time to Choose is Now"
menu_title: ""
description: "Are You Ready to Serve? The Time to Choose is Now"
date: 2025-09-03 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Are You Ready to Serve? The Time to Choose is Now

August 2<sup>nd</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. The time for deep inner change, acceptance of that change and the expression of that change is upon you, my friends. There is no time now for lip service or the duality of living out the spiritual and the material in this awkward juxtaposition. It is time for true integration, for true coming together, fusing your material life with your spiritual life. For you have been given much. You have been taught much. You have been loved extensively and deeply. There is great light around you. All the conditions that foster such a union are with you and with you in great abundance.

The time for resistance is gone. The time for integration is upon you. Indeed, that duality within your life serves no good purpose anymore, my friends. For the time where the surge of truth is coming to humanity is upon you. You must be ready as that great wave of truth carries many toward you. God’s plan manifests in such ways that the opportunity to help educate and demonstrate to your brothers and sisters will be your focus and your mandate, if you so choose. Thus, this is the time of choosing, the time of choice. This is the time when you put your house in order and put aside all reticence and all conditions that will hold you from your service and your ministrations for God and for humanity. We say the time grows short, but I say now that there is no time left. It is merely time to take seriously your commitment to be that channel of truth, love and light in the world. If you are able to fully and authentically accept this commitment that you made some time ago, then things like manifestations and blessings that will flow through you will be easily attained and expressed.

Are you ready, my beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters? Are you ready for the change that is coming, for what is ahead? For you step up to the doorway and it is for you to enter therein. It is for you to accept that soulful commitment that you have made, each one of you, to serve God and to serve humanity. You may have reticence, and you may take your time to step through that doorway. We will not judge you or abandon you for such behaviour and action, but we are eager, my friends, as are many, eager to truly begin the work, to truly be committed to this work.

I know when you look around your life you do not see anything different. The patterns of your life continue on, the way you respond, react and apply yourself to the conditions of your earthly life have not changed much. Yet, indeed, there is a time for a leap forward where you cannot bring with you these conditions and patterns, for everything will change and you must be ready to adapt and to apply what will come in the way of change. You must be strong enough to convince those around you that this is the way to proceed. Your first challenge of leadership is with your family, but that will not be the only challenge. It is with all elements of your material life. You must lead the way through those conditions that inhibit and detract from this ministry that you are on the verge of expressing and accepting.

My beloved friends, we are eager for this moment. This moment is eager to meet you and for you to meet it, so that change may be accepted readily and indeed that change will come swiftly. There is no time now to merely contemplate and ruminate upon what might be, for what will be is almost upon you and upon us all. Think of this message, my friends. It is a serious one and an important one. Are you ready to take that great leap forward, to accept the responsibility and the opportunity that God places before you, to be His instruments in the world, a world that continues to foment in chaos and disharmony? God is intervening with Love and Truth. God will intervene through each one of you. God will intervene through many others.

Are you a part of God’s plan, God’s intentions, for humanity to be awakened? Inside of you, my beloved friends, the awakening is happening. It is for you to make it truly a part of your consciousness, to truly be present with it and to acknowledge it, to revere it and to love it. For the awakening of your soul has always been your goal. It has been our goal and it has been God’s goal, for it is in this awakening, the surge of awareness, the surge of the power of Love galvanising you into action, bringing you to that place of wisdom, of strength and of purpose. It comes, my friends, not soon, but now. I urge you to awaken. I urge you to accept the awakening, the transformation that comes as His Love awakens you fully and sets you upon the next leg of the journey. That journey will be filled with opportunities to serve with a different perspective, in line with different priorities and different desires, many things that God requires of you and has impregnated you with, deep wisdom and love and the capacity to navigate the storms that come and to navigate within you the resistance that comes from a life lived in the human condition.

It is yours to experience and accept. It can only be done in your own personal way upon your own personal journey. There is no other way. There is no other journey except the one that may include retreat and your desire to not accept the invitation that God has given you. You have that option, my friends, but do you want to take that option? Yes, fear is involved. When you see before you, and you will see before you, what is coming and what is meant for you, part of you will be fearful and will be reticent, because you have not fully integrated your mind and soul in harmony together. The mind will often have an opposite response and reaction to what the soul knows to be true and what the soul perceives as true. This has always been the case on your world, so why would it be any different for you individually?

There will be a battle between these two perspectives, ideas and destinies. It is for you to decide, my friends. God gives you that gift. We will be with you to help you, to support you and to uphold you, as will many. Once your decision is made, then the consequences will unfold rapidly. It is a crucial time, one where your missteps cannot be easily corrected, one where your decision will determine the rest of your life, its destiny unfolding in accordance with what that decision might be. It is a wondrous time, for what may unfold in your life, your instrumentality, your being, will be remarkable and beautiful.

God gives you many gifts, my friends. God allows you many opportunities, options and decisions. Now comes a very important one. It is for you to decide your fate. I suggest that you pray about this, that you focus upon it, that you contemplate what it means to release your will to God’s Will, to release your desire to have control of your life to God and to trust and accept with faith that God’s plan is the highest plan with the highest and most beautiful outcomes. Yet, indeed, it comes at a price, the price of your own will being subjugated by God, not in a way that you are forced, but in a way where His Love and wisdom will draw you forward and guide you forward. As you release within your mind this immature desire to be in control of your life, to let go and to truly live in faith, these are the things that you must think about and be honest with yourself. Do you have the strength and the desire to be God’s instruments in this way, guided each day, not in a way that you casually perceive this guidance and may or may not act upon it, but in a way where this becomes a mandate of your day and your desire is to truly act upon this guidance to the best of your abilities?

God has so much in store for each one of you. There are many plans afoot and you are a crucial part of this. Be true to your souls, my beloved friends. Be true to that part of you that is connected and bonded with God. In this way, all will be well. There will be harmony. There will be peace. There will also be challenges and you may find rejection on that road, but with the love of your angel friends, stellar friends, the bright spirits and the Great Creator of all, you will find great solace, comfort and peace in these friendships and connections. They will become very evident in your life as you surge forward into this new way, this new life. My hope is that you will be at peace, my friends, with the surety of the soul, that you are on the right road and that indeed everything has led to this point, this place, this turning point in your life. We are with you close. You have all the support you need. It is for you to open your eyes, to open your hearts, your souls and your minds to what God wishes to give and what God wishes of you.

May you be blessed with His Love, a great inflowing, so that you may have the strength, wisdom and perceptions and the Love to walk forward and to truly embrace change. God bless you, beloved souls. My love is with you always and evermore. No matter what you choose, I will always be your friend. God bless you, beautiful souls of God. My love is with you always. God bless you.
