---
title: "Continued Support and Guidance for DV Dozen in God's Plan for the Transformation of the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Continued Support and Guidance for DV Dozen in God's Plan for the Transformation of the World"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Continued Support and Guidance for DV Dozen in God's Plan for the Transformation of the World

June 10<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

My friends, I am Orion. I am with you today, as I am so often. A rarity in the world, for few truly understand the journey of the soul. Many are attracted to and nurture the journey of the mind, even when it comes to spirituality. But you have elected to take a different road, a path that you have been guided toward and that your souls long for. Thus, you become those precious instruments and soulful lights that God seeks out to utilise in the world.

You have great numbers of helpers. Because there are so few of you, we gather around. We nurture you and protect you. We help you upon your path. Indeed, if you were aware of the great help and assistance that you receive, you would be quite humbled. But this is not necessary. What is important is that you maintain your commitment and consistency, your desire and intentions to forge a relationship with your Creator, to receive that great gift of His Love, the Essence of His Soul that ignites the awakening of the soul.

There are many in the world whose souls desire this and some receive this gift of Love to a degree. What makes you a rare individual is that you are fully aware of the process. You have this Truth close to your bosom. Yet, so few know about this. Even though you make your efforts, you try to spread the word, as you would say, few are interested. The vast majority is distracted. Those who are seeking, most often desire gratification of the mind and the intellect rather than that of the soul. Yet, you have elected otherwise. Even though you struggle with your mind and even though these desires of the mind continue to accompany your journey, you have come to know the way in which to counteract those desires, the way in which to go deeper, to go to the soul. Thus, your commitment and your efforts have brought about a fruitful experience, a powerful awakening within you.

You must plod on, my friends, even though many are not enthusiastic about your message. As you continue to grow in this Love, as your souls continue to expand, are strengthened and awakened in this Love, you will emanate such love and such light that the souls around you will be drawn. Even though their minds might contradict this desire, this drawing close, the power of the light that you carry, the power of the manifestations and gifts that you will bring forward, will convince many that what you have and the message that you bring is important and powerful.

You will gain your audience, not because you alone have surmounted the obstacles, although you most certainly deserve the credit and the acknowledgement of doing so. It is because of your company, those of us who cannot be seen but are there nonetheless. This is the power that you bring, because your soul and the light that you have is multiplied exponentially by the company that you keep. There is a plan and, of course, we have discussed this plan over and over again. We are encouraging you upon the road, that your pace be quickened, that your efforts intensify, that your prayers run deep and your experience with God clear and fresh with the Living Waters of His Soul.

My beautiful friends, this is not an easy road on this Earth of yours. It is a road filled with trials and tribulations, filled with challenges and disappointment. As you persist, you will find that there will be more gratification and deep, profound experiences with God and with your brothers and sisters. It is a matter of soul progression, soul wisdom and soul light that comes from this Love. You are plodding along this road. Some of you are very consistent with your prayers and indeed, many blessings come to you. For some it is somewhat haphazard. For many of you, there is a reluctance to step forward in any way that is overt and may cause others' eyes to be drawn to you. This shyness, this insecurity, needs to evaporate and disappear. In its place comes a strength, a surety and a confidence nurtured by the power of the soul influencing your mind. Abandon your old and time-worn attitudes and perceptions about yourself, for much of these perceptions that are within the mind are inaccurate, faulty and unnecessary.

It is time to put these conditions, these inhibitors aside and walk in the purity of light, to be that instrument that God wants you to be, to acknowledge that powerful resource of soul and of the souls who gather around you, reinforcing this great light. It is time to change your attitudes, your perception of life, your reaction to life challenges, so that you are free from the heavy conditions of the Earth plane, that you float above these things and walk in the flow of God’s Will, in the light of God’s Love and in the wisdom that comes with this Love.

You are ready to be transformed in this way. You are the only one holding this back. God wants all of this for you. We want all of this for you. We want you to be that bright and shining example in the world. As rare as you are, the amount of influence, blessings and manifestations that can and will come through you will garner much attention. Indeed, as you prove yourself to the world, then the world will listen. The world will open their minds, their hearts and their souls to what you have to say.

This has happened throughout history, but especially the ministry that Jesus brought to the world. Indeed, as you see, he is not forgotten. Unfortunately, his message has been distorted. But indeed, you may be the ones that will bring the truth forward and unravel the distortions and misconceptions of Jesus’ message. You will bring your own message, fresh and of the times. These times where you may speak and you may share with others will be laced with much unease, even chaos in the world. This too will help intensify the ministry that you bring, for the somnambulant state of humanity will no longer be present. They will be awakened rudely and powerfully into a state of questioning, wondering and looking for answers.

This is when you will step forward, my friends. This is when the doors will open and the opportunities to educate and demonstrate will be present through you. I stress the word through you, because much of what will come will not be of your making, but will be of God’s making and the flow of God’s Will through you, His blessings flowing because you have allowed that door to be opened, that you have that soul that is in alignment with God’s great Soul. Indeed, you play a crucial role. I do not mean to suggest that it is not important, for it is very important. Yet, what will manifest will come through the resources that stand behind you and the Divine Touch that is with you. Indeed, humility, grace and faith are important to cultivate now and in the future. Be humble, my beautiful, beautiful friends. Know that God has you in His Hands and will guide you forward. I thank you for your service thus far and for your desire to be of greater service. With this attitude and desire, we move forward in development and in making those plans that will serve your instrumentality well and serve humanity in love.

May you be blessed, my beloved friends, in the grace of God’s Love, this great Essence that transforms, heals and brings harmony. It is your message and what you may bring to others, demonstrating this in many different ways, through many different avenues and gifts. May you be blessed, my beloved friends. Orion loves you and I am close, as are many. Blessings to you, blessings deep and profound. God bless you.
