---
title: "Healing in the Physical and Spiritual Realms"
menu_title: ""
description: "Healing in the Physical and Spiritual Realms"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Healing in the Physical and Spiritual Realms

November 4<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Fairfax, VA, USA

Luke received by Jimbeau Walsh

I shall speak to you today from the point of view that I am sometimes known as a physician. Everywhere you look in the human condition, healings are necessary, and whether one be a saint or a sinner, all are wounded. And those who have physical ailments require a type of organic healing, which we can manifest through your prayers, sometimes through the laying of hands, and sometimes through a medical team and doctors. This, of course, depends on the degree of inharmony and the condition of one’s body. A wounded soul, however, requires a somewhat different kind of healing. As you send out your prayers to those in need, you might focus individually on each one, and in particular, those you may actually know on a personal level, because you can feel their spirit, and you have a much better sense of their condition. So, as you ask God to heal them, we take on the assignment and we surround that one with light and love. Conditions that are able to be regenerated will heal, but this requires, as you know, the recipient to be open, to have faith, and allow the healing to come through.

It is not unusual for some to cling to their wounds, to their illness, and somehow this, in a way, becomes that person’s identity, making it quite challenging to open up for a healing, and this applies to both the physical realm and the spiritual realm. So, first and foremost, encourage those, including yourselves, to truly be open to healing and progression. Truly allow those places that are wounded, those knots, those inharmonies to be released in the flow of grace, in the light and the love of God, that those progressive spirits and celestial angels can do their work.

You may reflect upon this in this state of prayer as you allow the love of God to touch your souls, and when you do this with deep longings, your soul is touched, your being is infused, and thus you are in a state of grace. This is because you have prayed, and you have allowed, and you have had faith. So, to those in need of healing, encourage their faith, give them hope, and for those who are transitioning into spirit, do your best to open a window to our world. Do your best to love them in a way that encourages acceptance, that responds to their great hope of the hereafter, and allows them to accept their condition and perhaps even gives them a glimpse of a world that you are already in touch with.

So, let us all send love, the love in our souls, the light in our beings, to all those in need as we allow the Creator to touch us and fill us and empower our souls. We shall be co-creators in this healing, which shall extend across country and continent into the realms of spirit. May the world be healed and may all be blessed. How we love you. I am your brother and a true disciple of the Master, a redeemed soul.

I am Luke.
