---
title: "Please Prepare Diligently So Angels Who Carry the Grace of God Can Come More Easily"
menu_title: ""
description: "Please Prepare Diligently So Angels Who Carry the Grace of God Can Come More Easily"
date: 2025-03-11 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Please Prepare Diligently So Angels Who Carry the Grace of God Can Come More Easily

January 15<sup>th</sup>, 2025

St Michael, Barbados

Mary received by Al Fike

Beautiful children of Earth, is it not good that you feel loved, you can laugh, your needs are met, and the blessings of God's Love is with you? It burns bright within you. I am Mary and I love you. I wish for you to continue to build the conditions in this place so that we may work more diligently, and that we may come more easily to this place. As you fill this room with beautiful souls, so we will fill this room with beautiful spirits. Angels of Heaven will be here. We will commune together in the light and have beautiful experiences of God's blessings together.

The Love of God will flow readily and powerfully to each one of you. Open wide to this blessing and be sure that you are loved, for you are, beloveds, very loved. We wish for you to feel the depth and breadth of this love, to know it as a real and abiding thing within you and around you, so that you feel and know that you are in the light, that God is with you always and that we are close.

It is so important to build these conditions each day, to put the effort forth in prayer each day, so that you are embraced and enfolded in love, protected and guided in love, so that all blessings that God has to give you will be able to receive and you will be receptive to God's Touch, God's intention, God's guidance, all the blessings of God that may flow to you. That you are within that beautiful grace of God, uplifted and at peace.
God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary and I love you. God bless you.
