---
title: "Avoiding Spiritual Apathy - Dive Deeply into Your Challenges"
menu_title: ""
description: "Avoiding Spiritual Apathy - Dive Deeply into Your Challenges"
date: 2025-07-22 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Avoiding Spiritual Apathy - Dive Deeply into Your Challenges

June 14<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

May the blessings of the Father's Love be with you. I am Orion. It is good to question, it is good to examine and to consider and contemplate as you make your way along life's progression and the progression of your soul, seeking at-onement with God.

Questioning indicates that you are alive, that you are engaged in life, that you are considering all the aspects of your life, looking into those elements within you that are not in harmony and looking at those bits of guidance and information shared that you may question. Questioning is the process of learning, of discovering, of opening the way to greater knowledge and greater experience. If you are resistant and you put aside through your own biases and fears those things that you question, then this is not the way of learning. The way of learning is an open-ended process, allowing yourself to discover and to consider with open mind, open soul and to make that journey of truth a real and living part of your being.

There are many obstructions in the way of true learning and understanding truth. Those obstructions you are well aware of, those things within you and those things that are part of a societal bias and perception of the world. Yet, the world is in great need of change and reformation. How is this to be? How is this to come about? It is not through blind faith, as you would call it, without questioning and without doubting. There is a strength in this if it is placed alongside of a healthy perception and questioning within you. The soul knows the truth. The soul understands the truth in only a way that the soul is able to do so. Yet, the mind continues to question, the mind continues to either be acquiescent or to be skeptical, or to not bother at all. In this unfortunate circumstance, the process of learning is obstructed by apathy, a sort of laziness of motivation.

This is truly unfortunate. When you first entered onto this path of love, were you not eager to learn? Did you not question greatly as you travelled along this path of discovery? Yet, as time goes by, you establish routines within this journey. In those routines, becomes the repetitive ways in which you experience the Divine Love Path. Often, in that repetitiveness, you become somewhat apathetic. The intensity of your desire is dampened by the routines that you have established.

My beautiful friends, the yearning and the intensity of desire within your soul, acknowledged and brought forward to your consciousness, is a vital part of this journey. When you are acquiescent, almost asleep, these desires of the soul become overshadowed and unrecognised by the condition of the mind. It is a constant battle, I know, for you on this Earth, an Earth so embroiled within mindful conditions. Yet, I come to remind you once again that it is better to question than to just blindly accept truth. For in that blindness, there is no understanding. There is merely a desire to be gratified by the beautiful condition of Love that God showers upon you, without true motivation to grow, learn and awaken.

I am not suggesting that each one of you is in this condition, but at times you are and at times you are not. I merely come to remind you and to encourage you to be in that state of awakeness, to be alive and engaged in life, rather than let the opportunities of life pass you by because you prefer the comfort of not being aware, not questioning and not understanding. It is the human condition that continues to plague you. Indeed, do not ignore the opportunities that life puts before you. That might be internally or it may be externally, but there are always opportunities that come your way. God wants you to grow, to learn and to awaken. God wants you to question and to discover in those questionings the truth.

Do not be apathetic and acquiescent to the desires of the mind to have the ship steadied, so to speak, in calm waters where there is no need to be roused from your sleep, merely peace and comfort. There are times for this, of course. There are times when the discomfort within serves a purpose. It helps you to grow and to shift in your consciousness toward that which is of greater truth and greater harmony. When that discomfort is acute, then often the discoveries are realised. Yet, when the waters are calm and you drift in the peace of your own condition of gratitude and lack of desire, then this “holiday,” so to speak, may be well-earned, but just remember that in your world, true growth, true awakening, does not happen in that condition.

Indeed, when you are challenged, when you have discomfort, when you see that life is not altogether harmonious, then these are the doorways, the opportunities to truly grow. Growing is important. Finding the truth in a deeper way, living the truth in a more expansive way, is the goal. Often, it does not come easily, but it comes nonetheless and often unbidden. These challenges are often difficult, but they are purposeful and any difficulty in your life can be used to expand your consciousness, to grow in truth and in Love.

I am not suggesting that it is a completely mental process. Indeed, these challenges encompass all parts of you. When all parts of you are engaged, then there is a greater likelihood that you will grow and come to realisations that you may not have had before. The journey of growing, of developing and of awakening requires that friction within that encourages action and discourages apathy. It is important that you realise this, that when life is uncomfortable, it is not a punishment. It is a blessing. When conditions are not easy, it challenges you to be creative in your solutions and in your approach. That creativity, when it emerges from the soul in wisdom, insight and even guidance, is a great resource to your being. I encourage you all to dive deep when you are challenged. I encourage you all to be patient, resourceful and compassionate. For when love is engaged in this way, then there is a greater possibility of deep and profound discoveries, acknowledging truth and shifting consciousness.

It is not just one aspect of yourself that must be engaged in the learning and growing process of your being. It is all aspects. It is all parts of you that require your attention and wakefulness. To be alive is to feel, to know, to experience, to use all the faculties that you possess, not just the five senses and the mind, but the faculties of the soul, the faculties of perception, of intuition and of the spirit. There are many parts of you that you often do not engage within your conscious self because it often requires a great deal of effort to plummet into these resources, these parts of you that may be activated and active, benefiting you greatly. Yes, it is a challenge living on this Earth where pain is inflicted so often, where unloving conditions prevail, where life has its physical challenges, mental challenges and spiritual challenges. Yet, this is the life that you live within. Rather than avoiding, I suggest that you confront and engage in ways that bring light and healing, insight and truth, all predicated upon love within your life.

I give you this guidance in love. I know that I am not one who has experienced the dark experiences that are a part of your lives. Yet, from this other perspective, it is easy to see those challenges and barriers that you face. In this way, I am qualified to teach and to encourage you. I am humbled by the gift that we gather together so often to speak of these challenges of life and to speak of the blessings as well. Know that I love you dearly. Each one of you is so precious to my heart, each one of you beautiful souls who continue to desire to move higher in your consciousness and truth, to develop your souls in Love, to awaken and to be transformed.

Each of you carries a strength, a nobility, a beauty of the soul that is worthy of all the support and love that is given to you from all levels, from God, to angels, to us and to the bright spirits. Oh, there are so many and there is so much. This is given because you desire within to be in light, to live the purity of truth and to be a channel of love for God. We stand with you, beautiful souls. We stand with you. In our own way, we try to dampen the darkness that surrounds and bring greater light to you, protection and love. We continue on this journey together and we shall do so each and every day, each and every moment of that day. We are with you and we are with you in love.

May you come to know your true selves. May you come to exercise the qualities, the faculties and the light that is within you and apply them to the challenges in your life. This is the way toward freedom, joy and peace. In this is an aliveness, a beautiful way of being in the world that will astound even you as you make this journey to deeper awakening and knowing. There is so much to discover yet, my beautiful friends. There is so much of yourself to discover. We continue, step by step. We are on this beautiful path of love together, awakening, awakening to truth and awakening to greater life. God bless you. I am your friend, Orion. I am close. God bless you, my friends.
