---
title: "Harmony in the Universe Adds to God's Creation"
menu_title: ""
description: "Harmony in the Universe Adds to God's Creation"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Harmony in the Universe Adds to God's Creation

August 16<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Other Prayer Groups, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

Students of the truth, I am your teacher, Augustine. I am pleased that you are discussing what harmony means. It is a very important topic in God's universe, God's creation. All elements of that creation strive for harmony. That is, that all aspects of God's creation are in relationship with one another in such a way that its purpose and design is fulfilled.

Yet, all things in God's universe are becoming. It is not a static thing. It is a thing of movement and direction. That direction is toward harmony. When God's creation is perfect, which we do not know whether that will come about or not, then there will be perfect harmony, but as it is and as it has been, harmony is a thing to become in greater measure, rather than a thing that is in totality. When your soul seeks for Divine Love, you are seeking harmony, for your soul was created for this purpose. Though there are many other elements of the soul that were also created and have purpose, one part or one aspect of soul is to seek out the Essence of God. When this seeking is fulfilled by the inflowing of the Love, God's Essence, then greater harmony exists within you. You have fulfilled a deep purpose, a deep desire.

In your creation, your being, the focal point of life is to know harmony, to express harmony, to be in harmony. This brings joy, contentment and many great benefits to the individual. When you work together and you are seeking the same harmony, the same level of harmony, the same purpose within fulfilled and the seeking and these endeavours match what is within each individual and that the individuals come together with this resonance, this matching up of endeavour, desire and purpose, then they have a collective harmony together. It is within the flow of God's Will that they have come together, because God has brought them together. God has put together certain individuals in order to create greater harmony and to harmonise with God's plan, God's intentions. All of you come together, even though you are different, each one unique. Yet, you bring an element and add this to the group and create greater harmony, because of what you have contributed as an individual and what God contributes as a blessing.

All of these elements coming together toward a certain direction of fulfilment of God's plan, God's intention. God's intention is always toward greater harmony, greater harmony. This is when all elements are in sync together, not that they have become one common denominator, but they have added to the whole to create something different, but something greater and something in greater harmony. When you feel compelled and drawn to another, when you feel compelled and drawn to a certain group, when you are with that group and you feel a sense of expansion, of rightness, your soul is saying, “I feel the harmony of this experience, this moment together.” When your souls open to the inflowing of God's Love, one feels the harmony of complying with an edict that God has created. That edict is, *“your soul was created to receive. It has the gift, the capacity, the ability to receive this gift that I will give you, this gift of my Love.”*

The soul sings in harmony with God's great Soul. In seeking this Love, there is a resonance. Light is formed from this harmonisation. Greater light comes, beautiful light, and at times, light in hues and colours that reflect the harmony of the situation, of the act, of the desire that is expressed and realised by the individual. The light, the colours, the hues, the resonance, the joy, the awakenings, the transformation, where something is created that did not exist before but has been created because of elements coming together in harmony with one another. All of these things reflect harmony. Harmony within the soul is often a feeling, a feeling of expansion, a feeling of rightness, a feeling of joy, that all is indeed in harmony. It is not just a statement, a reflection of the word. It is a perception and the existence of something that God has created and brought together to make further creation, to add more light to the universe. As more light is added, then there is greater harmony in the universe. As you come together and create this light together, there is greater harmony in God's universe. There is greater harmony amongst yourselves.

All creatures are destined to be in harmony with God's creation. The only creature that cannot be in harmony with God's creation through a wilful act is humanity. Each of you is given the gift of free will. That gift is powerful enough to upset the harmony of God's creation. You carry a great power. The decisions that you make, the thoughts that you create, the efforts that you express and make real in that expression can either be in harmony with your creation, with God's creation, or not. It is your choice. This is the greatest stumbling block to your harmony. It is your will, your desire, your intention and your expression.

Yet, within that gift of free will, there can be great harmony, greater than what existed before. God has given you the element to create harmony outside of God's creation and inside of God's creation. You each have the possibility of adding to God's creation through your efforts and will and expression, your soul, all that is of a spiritual nature, even that which is of a physical nature. Harmony can exist outside of God's creation, because God created humanity. God created souls to exist in His universe. His intention was to create greater harmony in the universe, greater light and in this, greater diversity.

Each of you is destined to be a creator of harmony, to be an expression of that unique soul that God has created, an expression that will grow in harmony and will create through this harmony something greater than it was. The transformation of the soul through Divine Love is the highest expression of harmony that you can be and you can express. As you receive more of this Love, so greater harmony must exist within your soul, even though the place that you are at this moment in your progression has both harmony and disharmony. Yet, you know, and you feel, that the direction that you are taking is toward greater harmony, toward the fulfilment of the soul, as you receive more of the great gifts from God.

This is why we honour you, my beloved and beautiful students. For you are another unique creation of God that shall create something beautiful, that will add to God's creation, God's universe. The trajectory of your soul is toward this destiny of expression, beauty and resonance that adds to God's beautiful universe. You are a light and that light shall intensify the beauty of all you are and all that you may manifest and create in your life, not only here on the material world but as you progress further in spirit and eventually to the Celestial Heavens. All of these iterations, all of these expressions of you are toward greater harmony. As you step further up the ladder, so the harmony is greater, so the expression of who you are is more beautiful and the light is extraordinary.

We honour this. We see the journey of the soul and what it means. Indeed, I may speak of these things in the abstraction and the intellectual, using words and descriptions and analogies. Truly, as you open in soul perception, you will understand, not with words, not in this rather inadequate way, but in the fullness of your soul's perceptions and awakening to its destiny. You know harmony, beloved souls. You feel it. You feel its resonance when it exists. You are well aware of when it does not. God has given you a great gift of life, of expression, of being. In this, you are destined to add to the harmony of the universe as you grow in light, beauty and love. All that you are becomes a great statement by God that says, “I have created you, I have given you life and you shall exist and continue on your journey toward greater harmony and expression for eternity,” as His gift of Love ignites that journey.

God bless you, beloved students. Indeed, it is an important topic and one which I am happy to expound upon. Yet, I feel, through the ways and means that I am expressing myself, inadequate in truly helping you to understand what harmony is. Yet, we continue, we add, we grow, we awaken, until the true meaning, the true perception, the true understanding, comes. God bless you, my students. Your teacher, Augustine, loves you dearly and is happy that you pursue important topics of truth and spirituality. God bless you. God bless you. 
