---
title: "Surrender Expectations of Perfection"
menu_title: ""
description: "Surrender Expectations of Perfection"
date: 2025-06-21 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Surrender Expectations of Perfection

May 10<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Other Prayer Circles, North Vancouver, BC, Canada

Anna received by Maureen Cardoso

I am Anna, the grandmother of Jesus. What a blessing it is to be able to stand before this circle of gracious women whose souls are open to the blessing of God's Love and whose desire deepens to be that channel, to serve in love, to be love and to express love. You draw us. You draw us near. We surround you and join you in this beautiful prayer, this sacred circle, this home filled with the Light of God, whose portal is strong and bright, bringing healing energies and love to all who enter its midst.

To our precious sisters, whom we love and who know how to love, let us bring you a blessing of healing, a healing of your precious heart, releasing those long-held expectations of perfection and the thoughts of needing to be perfect in many ways. You can now surrender this and allow these challenging expectations to be dissolved from you, in your body and in your mind. For there is no need for any perfection, but there is every need for progression. As you progress, the need for and the error of perfection fall away from you. In that way, you are more readily at ease within yourself.

Why should you be concerned about being at ease? It is because when you are at ease within yourself, God can work with you and through you. When you are at ease with yourself, you are connected to your soul, to your light, and to the love that is within your soul. This makes it easier for you to freely flow from your essence of love. You experience yourself as the beauty, as the radiance, as the joy and as the love that you are.

While you have an open heart, I bring you my gift, the Gift of the Rose, which you may have received before at other times. But this rose is filled with a replenishment of Love. It can absorb your sorrow and grief, helping you to release yourself from these strongly-held ways of being. Humanity's vision of what the beauty of a woman should be can fall away from you. You can connect to the vision and the beauty of how God deems you to be. A soul filled with Love and light is radiant, is joyous, is nurturing and caring, poised with the sincerity to be love, poised with a desire to have God use them in the way that is necessary on the path that they walk. There is a beauty and radiance that shines gloriously through a woman who is connected to the divine through their soul. God uses you in unique ways while you walk as a woman here on Earth. Accept, appreciate and acknowledge yourself as the grace of God.

I am Anna. We are here with you, dear ones, to drink this beautiful Living Water that streams upon you and transforms all things into Love, Love Divine. God bless you, my dear sisters. God bless you.
