---
title: "Plain and Direct Guidance for the Estonia Circle of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Plain and Direct Guidance for the Estonia Circle of Light"
date: 2025-10-25 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Plain and Direct Guidance for the Estonia Circle of Light

September 13<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Estonia Retreat, Tallinn, Estonia

Augustine received by Al Fike

God bless you, dear students. I am your teacher, Augustine. I must say that it saddens us that the majority of the people in this circle at this time are not from here, but have made great effort and expense to come here to help those who are interested in Divine Love to come to clarity and understanding of it. Yet, it appears the interest is somewhat haphazard and the dedication is erratic, that in this group, this circle, there is more focus on mindful things than that which is of the soul.

This is unfortunate, but this is a reflection of the state of humanity. This is our challenge, to help humanity come to the truth, not the truth of the mind, but the truth of the soul. I acknowledge those who are here, who have made the effort and the time. They will be blessed in accordance with their desire to receive the great gift of God's Love. Yet, it is difficult to sustain this desire and these efforts, because it is more rewarding to the mind to engage in distraction, to be engaged in the mindful pursuits that this world has to offer. It does take discipline. It does take dedication. It does take faith and effort to be with God, because you must penetrate the layers of thought, darkness and distraction, to come to God with a purity of heart and desire, to be with God in that harmony and grace that is God's Touch.

We persist that we are always dedicated to bringing this blessing and truth to others. It is an exercise in deep patience and forbearance on our part, for we cannot override the free will of anyone. We must be with you in constant vigilance and prayer to help uphold you and to bring the light to you. Yet, these efforts made do not guarantee a consistency in our charges’ efforts in life to be with God. There is an intention, a desire of the soul, but often this is overridden by the desires of the mind and the interests of the mind. For many, it is not seen as a priority, that the foundations laid by the soul are not as important as the distractions discovered by the material mind.

It is most unfortunate, for we bring you the foundations not only for this life, but for life eternal. We not only help to inspire, to guide and to protect, but we bring you the Source of Love that cannot be broken or distorted, but is pure and the most powerful blessing of all. We must content ourselves to speaking with those who are not in the flesh, for there are many of those who are curious. There are many spirits all around you who are seeking knowledge and light, who are eagerly observing what is going on here in this modest circle.

Yet, can you imagine a world that has understood the priorities of life, who have indeed realised that the distractions of the mind are temporary and often do not bring any real progress to the soul? I urge all of you to dedicate yourselves to soulful desire and prayer to be with God, to do so each and every day, to make this your priority. You will find that all else in your life will be more harmonious. The decisions you make, how you conduct yourself as a channel of love, light and truth, will be made a lot easier if you put the desires of the soul ahead of the desires of the mind.

It is your choice. It cannot be any other's choice. It is your will involved here, for God gave you that gift and awaits you with infinite patience for you to discover. At least those of you who are here have a desire to know, to discover, to experience and to be in the grace of God. Indeed, you are making efforts to draw in those who at least have a casual interest and we are happy that you are making those efforts, beloved souls. In time, it is our hope that that rather weak desire will become strong and robust and will carry that individual into greater light and as they are carried into greater light, that they may become a true channel of God's Love and Truth to the world.

This is our desire. This is what we pray for. We indeed have patience, although you may surmise that for one such as myself, at times, the patience wears thin, for I am one who wishes to see the activation of this Truth in the world. I am one of many who took the Truths of Jesus and distorted them greatly when I was on Earth. Now, I come to correct my errors, to dedicate myself to all of you so that you may know the truth, you may experience the truth and you may live the truth.

It is a challenge to bring truth to this world, a world so distorted by mindful endeavours and by mindful enactments of what is believed to be truth, but in reality is not. You must examine your own thoughts, your own desires, your own efforts to ensure that the simple Truth of God's Love remains the foremost motivation in your spiritual life and truths that are mainly of the mind are a passing fancy as they are not truly permanent within your consciousness. You must have the humility and the wisdom to realise this, to let go. Let God guide you. Let the truth come into your hearts first and rise up into your minds later. That way, you know it is a truth you feel from whence it came, rather than imposing the ideas of the mind upon the soul.

This is the way of humanity. It is the way that has brought much darkness. You must come to know truth of the soul, perceptions of the soul awakened to love. When this comes, when it is your reality, then you will find that much of the world, in all its distortions, is not attractive to you. That the attraction is between you and God and you as a light in the world, expressing that light, giving yourself over to that light and that truth. In this way, you will find God's guidance and blessings deep and abiding. In this way, the mistakes and the missteps of mindful endeavours will be corrected and you will find greater harmony in your life.

I speak plainly to you, beloved souls, because clarity is needed. I do not wish to engender distortions and ideas false in you and so I must speak to you in language that is basic and cannot be distorted. I speak to you on the level of a human rather than that of an angel. This saddens me, my beloved and beautiful friends, students of truth, because within your soul is a true understanding of this, but you do not listen, not enough to truly comprehend and realise that it is your soul that sings truth and it is your mind that must listen to that song. Instead, many of you do this in reverse. You sing the truth of your mind and believe that you are benefiting your soul. Yet, as I have said, this is not altogether true. Yes, there are some truths of the mind that the mind has comprehended, but they are of a minor character and depth. The true gold of truth and understanding come when you clear that passage of consciousness to the soul and the soul awakens to its song, the song that God has put within it.

This is true spiritual awakening. This is what we wish for you, for we know that in this, you will know deep joy, happiness and wisdom. You may conduct your life in harmony, that despite all the disharmony around you, you will walk in harmony and you will feel and know harmony. For this comes as the light of your soul shines forth and becomes the true conscious experience in your life. This is what we wish for you. This is why we gather around you. This is why we pray with you. This is why we walk with you every moment of your lives. Our desire is that you will have that great shift of awareness and consciousness that will bring you to that place of true knowing, of true joy, of true love.

With this truth, you lay a foundation that will not only put you in good stead in this earthly plane, but in all planes that you are destined to travel to and live within until you reach that place of the Celestial Kingdom. That travel may be short or it may be very long. It is your choice. It is what you do in your life, how you express yourself, how you apply your intentions and desires, whether you apply them to be with God and in alignment with God, or whether you apply them to be with man and the alignment of man. This is the basic choice, the fundamental choice that each soul has in every moment of every day. I urge you to make wise choices. I urge you to be in truthful reconciliation with your Creator. In this comes humility, grace, peace, joy, fulfilment, truth and, most of all, the great blessing of Love, the Love Divine and its transformational effects upon you all.

I speak to you, beloved souls, not in ways that soothe or bring you comfort, but in ways that hopefully awaken the true desires of your soul and for you to realise the importance of this awakening, the utmost importance, where it is vital that you listen to your soul and listen to that song, for God will bless you in all the glory, Light and Love that is offered freely and beautifully upon your journey of life.

God bless you, my beloveds. May you truly understand. It is our desire, truly, that you will understand and come to the realisation of the illusions of the mind and the truth of the soul. God bless you. May the Father touch you deeply, open you to His blessing of Love, awaken you to what that blessing truly is and how it will change you and heal you and bring you deep peace. God bless you, beloved students. Your teacher, Augustine, continues to stand by your side. No matter your choices, I will uphold and wait at times and be joyful at other times when I see you have truly grasped the truth and have utilised that understanding for the benefit of your soul. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you.
