---
title: "Step Out in the World in God's Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Step Out in the World in God's Love"
date: 2025-06-28 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Step Out in the World in God's Love

May 2<sup>nd</sup>, 2025

Anaheim Retreat, Anaheim, CA, USA

Barbara Davies received by Al Fike

You speak about the plans and Will of God in your lives. Indeed, God has many plans. There are many different avenues that every soul upon this world can take, depending upon their free will. When you come to listen to God, it is saying, “I want my plans to be in alignment with Yours.” Of course, God always wants His plans to be in alignment with you. Harmony comes when your desires and your will are in harmony with God's desire and Will, so that whatever it is that brings greater life, the highest outcomes can be manifest through each one of you. Thus prayer is of the utmost importance. Desire is crucial. Listening is the key to come to know God's Will. When you desire to serve and that desire is intense, combined with your desire to be with God, then His Will is known. It comes clearly and succinctly.

I had a deep desire to be with God. I was a very emotional and sensitive person, so everything I felt was intense. I came to God for peace, for in that intensity came extremes in perception, feeling and experience in the world. God brought peace. God helped me to be in harmony with light and love. As God sowed His Love within my soul, so I felt joy and I was able to see with the eyes of my soul. This, too, helped me to understand God's Will. My life continued to unfold as my perceptions deepened and my desire for God intensified. With each day, God brought blessings. With each day, a newness was in my heart and my soul, eager for that day and eager for the opportunities that God put before me. As I stepped out of my beautiful sanctuary, my home, I was ready. I was cloaked in protection and in purpose, for I prayed each morning to be purposeful and to be protected. Indeed, each day brought something new, sometimes very challenging and sometimes delightful, but always within the flow of God's Will and the harmony of love.

If you want to know what to do in a purposeful way for God, then you must be attuned to God's Will and God's purpose for you. When you can do that and be comfortable and confident in that, then there is no speculation. There is no wondering. There is merely the gift of a day, a day that offers many opportunities and many directions in which to go. Some of you are nervous when such options are put before you. You are afraid to make the wrong choice. I say to you, my friends, that there is no wrong choice. There are higher outcomes and more effective choices, but each time you choose to serve God, God will present to you the opportunities to do so. If you can dedicate your day to service, if you are able to step beyond that place of comfort, beyond your sanctuary into the world, then you will find that God will manifest many blessings, even miracles, on your path.

Do not retreat too much into the comfort of prayer and being with God. Indeed, this is necessary and important, but if you cloister yourself too much in that condition, you miss the many opportunities that God will put before you. Indeed, your soul feels a longing and feels a disappointment when you choose not to listen and not to act. At times, what God wishes for you to do is not in alignment with your mind's idea of doing. At times, all is in alignment and there is great joy, but there is also sorrow for humanity and the conditions that you encounter in the world. If you can uplift another, if you can be a light for another, then you are doing God's work. God will guide you and reinforce within you the light and love that is needed to uplift another, to bring comfort and to bring wisdom to another. If you can be that influence in someone else's life that brings greater harmony, higher truth and joy for them, then indeed you work in the highest way to do God's bidding.

Think of this in your day. Think of the opportunities that your day brings. Some of you are more attuned to this than others, but you will learn. It is a matter of stepping forward, even if you are somewhat reticent, even nervous, about it. If you can do that, that first step, then that is the beginning of the road of service and the outcomes will surprise you. At times, as you confront the human condition, it is difficult, it is shocking and it is heartbreaking. Yet, as you grow in strength, as you grow in faith, as you grow in your relationship with God, then that condition, that shock, recedes from your consciousness. In its place is strength, surety and love, love that is not just kindness, but love that brings a correction, a healing, a shift in whom you are dealing with at the time.

I learned this many times over and often I felt doubt. Often, I sought reassurance. Yet, indeed, as I was “in the field,” as I would say, working with my clients, I knew that God was with me. I knew that my angel friends were close. I knew that my soul was expressing its purpose. This brought me great joy, satisfaction and understanding of my true self, my soul, as it expressed itself in these situations and conditions in a way that surprised me, in a way that was amazing.

I urge you, my beautiful friends, to step outside of your comfort zone, to step into the fray, into the world and see what God might manifest through you, coming to know that the strength, the gifts and the perceptions that you carry in your soul will have the opportunity to manifest through you for others. This is what is needed in the world. Those who are brave, of light and of faith, deep faith, must go out into the world, sowing the seeds of light, bringing comfort, dispelling the darkness, all the things that God requires of us at this time. Know when you do so, you are not alone, not by any means. We are with you. We are happy to be with you and God is joyed at your efforts, your desire, to bring light to the world.

May you be blessed in this beautiful flow of service, hearing God's Will, knowing it in your heart, the every ounce of your being to be on that journey with God, with the angels in the world. God bless you, my beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters, friends, my son, my daughter, my sister and all of you. What a joy it is to be with you in this Circle of Light. May you come to know the power, glory and beauty of your own soul and what it is capable of. It is capable of much. You will find out as you continue on this path of life and awakening of the soul. God bless you. Barbara loves you. God bless you.
