---
title: "A Great Leap of Faith Awaits You"
menu_title: ""
description: "A Great Leap of Faith Awaits You"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# A Great Leap of Faith Awaits You

October 21<sup>st</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

A great leap of faith awaits you, my beloved friends—I am Orion—that leap of faith that says, *“I truly belong to You, dear Creator, and I wish to live a life that is in alignment with Your creation and Your Will. I wish to forego my fears and my expectations that originate from the mind. I wish to live in this world, not of this world, rather to be something other than this world.”* For God wishes each of us to be in harmony with His creation and His world, not the world of man that continues to put its expectations and pressures upon you to act and be in a certain way, to live a life that is in alignment with human expectations.

To take that leap of faith, my beloved brothers and sisters, is a very big step indeed, one that you have been preparing for all your life, one that will change everything, one that is truly in alignment with your soul and yet very contrary to your mind. This is where the conflict begins, that difference of perspective, for you live in your mind far more than you live in your soul. Though your soul is active, alive and living its expression of life, the focus of consciousness is not there as often as it is within the material mind and the expectations of the material world. You do this out of habit, out of fear, out of a perspective that empowers the mind's desires and wants rather than the soul's desire and wants. This is a great challenge to you, one which we have addressed many, many times. Yet, how can you take that leap of faith, my beloved brothers and sisters? How can you release the entrapment of the human condition and mind?

Faith is the key word. Faith is that part of you that knows and is of the soul. Faith is that willingness to go beyond the mental constrictions and expectations. Faith is trust in God. Faith is trust in that deeper part of yourself that brings you close to God, allows you communication with God and is ever eager to receive the great gift of His Love. As that gift continues to grow within you, drop by drop, so the impetus and the desire to take that great, great leap of faith grows within you. Indeed, you come to a turning point, a place where many of you feel that your old ways of the material world do not seem to fit anymore, the old patterns of behaviour, the old expectations of mind, the fears and expectations that were so much a part of you in the past are now waning. You are feeling them slip away, my beloved friends. You are feeling something else rising up and becoming a part of your reality, your experience in life. Unfortunately, this often gives you a sense of separateness from others in your world because the perspective and the desires are different. Your soul's perceptions are becoming stronger. You are awakening to a new you, a you that is being transformed. As you do so, you feel the rightness of it, the power of it, the beauty of it and when you do not do so…

…that it is time to take that leap of faith. It is time to let go of those old and tired perspectives, sense of responsibility and engagement that makes you so much a part of human endeavour and yet often brings you further from God. When you are close to God, you will be able to engage in human endeavour in a way that is harmonious, in just the right measure of engagement where you are not so involved in the darkness of the human condition, but indeed have turned the wisdom and perspective of your soul towards walking in light, in harmony and in love. As you exercise this desire and this perspective, it becomes easier and easier and you become a brighter and brighter light. Each day offers this opportunity to do so. Each day is your gift to exercise the possibilities of your soul and to do so in a way that it is dominant and absorbs the perceptions of your mind.

Your soul must strengthen, my beloved friends. All that is your soul must grow in the Father's Love. All that is of Light must grow in your soulful condition and loving expression. It is simple and you have always known it to be simple. The complexities come, the challenges come with this duality of mind and soul, the two perspectives. You must continue in your efforts to exercise the perceptions and desires of your soul. As you do so, you will feel the harmony that you create. You will know what is right and what is meant to be. In this way, this incremental growth, as you pass the tests and the opportunities to grow, you become a beautiful channel for God, His Love expressed, instrumentality clear and all that you are in the Light of God becomes evident, not only to you but to others.

Be that child of light, that loving expression. There are ways and means of navigating the world that will truly express this. Yes, it is a somewhat lonely path, but you have one another. You have others who understand and who love you for the soul you are. You have us and your angel friends, the bright spirits, to accompany you. You have God's Hand upon you. This more than compensates for the price you might pay to be different and to walk that path less travelled. Be true to yourselves, my friends. That leap of faith is not so great as you might anticipate. It is indeed something that is not a trifling matter, but once taken, you feel the firmness of being on the other side. The wisdom flows, the love envelops and God guides. In this there is no turning back, for you have taken that step that God wishes of you and we are eager to support you in this.

May God bless you, my beloved friends. I am Orion and I come in love. I come in encouragement. I come to share my wisdom and my counsel. God bless you, beloved souls. Orion loves you. God bless you.
