---
title: "You Are the Harbingers of Truth"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Are the Harbingers of Truth"
date: 2025-09-01 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Are the Harbingers of Truth

August 15<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

Blessed, blessed children. I come to be with you in prayer. I am Mary. I come to bring comfort and love, all that will uplift you, beloved souls, in the Truth of God’s Love. We come together, unified in desire to receive this gift from God’s great Soul through ours. I am not the only angel present with you, for there are many others. Each here has a blessed angel by their side and those that have been drawn into this prayer have the gift of an angel at their side.

Together we pray for the Light of this blessing and the light of all God’s blessings for humanity, for all of you to be uplifted, to come to that spiritual awakening, that soulful understanding of the Truth of God’s Love. Because together we create a formidable force to combat the darkness, to bring peace, to bring truth to the world. So we will, beloveds. We will bring the blessings of heaven to Earth, bring God’s Touch upon the souls of humanity.

These prayers are lofty, but indeed, the world is in great need and so we must think of the world and its needs. For without prayer, intervention, light, truth, love, compassion and all that is good, who will be God’s instruments? Who will intervene? Who will be the examples of light and love for humanity? It is you, my beloved brothers and sisters, children of God. It is you who must stand forth in love and light in the simple truth of God’s blessings of the soul. For when you walk in this way, when you are an expression of your soul that has been touched deeply by God’s Love, then you become the harbinger of truth, the great initiator that inspires and touches others.

The grace of God is upon you, beloveds. The grace of God shall continue to flow upon you, provided your desire is true and clear and deep, to be in that grace, to know that Love as your true, true Light and talisman for the soul. God bless you, beloveds. Mary loves you and embraces each one of you. I give you my love. I give you a kiss of acknowledgement for your efforts and how you are true to God, true to His Love and true to your own soul. God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary and I love you. Oh, how I love you. God bless you.
