---
title: "The Power of Intention"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Power of Intention"
date: 2025-06-28 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Power of Intention

May 17<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

May the power and depth of your intentions guide you through your life, beloved souls. I am your teacher, Augustine. Intention is a crucial aspect of your spiritual journey. That intention often originates in the mind, but most importantly, those intentions that come from the soul are purer and more powerful in their effects and their outcomes than that which comes from the mind.

Though you live in a mindful world, your challenge and your commitment is to sound the depths of the desires and intentions of your soul. When you do this, your communication with God is clear and your understanding of God's intentions for you is clear. For the soul knows. The soul is aware. The soul has its own intentions and desires. They are for you, beloved and beautiful children of God, to understand and to bring forward not only in your prayers but in your daily life. Without intention, which is the expression of desire, then you become lost and somewhat apathetic. You are then merely a part of the commonality of human experience that is so much present in your daily lot upon the Earth.

When clarity rises up from the soul and affects and imprints upon the mind the priorities and efforts that one makes in the world so that there is a greater chance that you will be doing God's Will rather than enacting your own. For these intentions and desires are intermingling with God's intentions and desires when the soul is open, when there is a clear channel between you and your Heavenly Father.For many of you, having that clarity is a challenge. Often you have ideas. You are inspired. There is great interpretation and filtering of those intentions. At times, they are misdirected. When you act upon them and they come to nothing, you wonder why God has guided you forward in this way.

If you are able to discern the difference between God's Will and yours, then the intentions that originate from your conscious self may be clearly understood and acted upon. When you merely react to these ideas and desires that come to the surface, bubbling toward the surface through the many layers of filtration and interpretation that come through you until they reach consciousness, there can be at times great clarity and other times great confusion. When you set forth as God's instruments, when you set your intention to be instruments that are able to manifest various blessings and to manifest us in spirit in the material form, if you are not clear in your intentions, if you do not have a solid foundation that reflects a pure desire, then we cannot utilise your gifts. For when we utilise your gifts in this way, in such a formidable and palpable way, there must be a purity of intention and desire. There cannot be confusion and misdirection in what will come of these gifts.

You must realise that each of you is endowed with a very powerful gift and that is the gift of free will. When you enact this gift and it informs the instrumentality of which I speak in a way that obscures its intention, then this creates a very unstable and flawed approach. Indeed, this clarity of soul and truly understanding of soul must come first and foremost in your development. This is not achieved overnight, as you well know. It comes as you grow, as you are tested, as you enact the inspiration and guidance you receive. As that expression of guidance is recognised and assessed, often, you realise that it is imperfect in its expression. If we are to use you as instruments in the way that you desire, we do not expect perfection, but we expect consistency. When that consistency is achieved, when the clarity is strong and unhindered by mental fluctuations and a lack of discernment, then you are ready to step forward in the ways you so desire to be used.

I know I place many words in front of what is a very simple thing. To have pure intention and desire is to truly be in alignment with God's Will and to allow the Will of God to manifest through you without the encumbrances of mental biases and prejudices, judgements and fears. These human things must fall by the wayside in order for you to truly be in alignment, to become that innocent channel for God, that one where intentions are pure and desires are of the highest. Some of you are closer to this condition than others. I will not state who is in that pure state, but I must say that many of you have a great deal of work to do in this regard. Many wish for this instrumentality, but that wish originates in the mind and the mind is incapable of truly understanding what it is that it wishes for. When you are in true alignment with your soul, one begins to get an idea of the complexity, the depth and the responsibility that is part of this gift and the expression of this gift.

My beloved and beautiful students, I do not wish to discourage you, but I wish for you to consider what it is that makes a clear and powerful instrument for the truth and to enact God's Will. Each of you have your ideas of what that means. Some of you have been upon this path for many years and realise the shortfalls and the shortcomings that you possess in this regard. Some of you are rather new to this path and continue to learn and grow in wisdom, perception and love. Each has their challenges. Those who have travelled a long distance on this path tend to take much for granted and are not so keen in their observations, because they have, in their minds, learned a great deal already. Those of you who are fresh upon the path are eager and so this gives you strength. This informs your intention and desire. You have an advantage there.

All of you are embraced by God. All of you have great gifts and you have a soul that has a measure of God's Love within it. In this way, you qualify for the work ahead. How this unfolds, how you approach it and how you are with God is crucial at this time. Prayer is extremely important at this time. Honesty within, true integrity and pure desire and intention are required. This is not an easy road. You have been told this from the beginning, that you must reach and stretch for the highest outcomes. You must go deep within and explore to discover your true self. In this process, you must release the barriers and inhibitions, the encrustations that stand in the way of this clarity and this strength.

Yes, every day brings its challenges. Every day, there is much for you to do to prepare yourselves as instruments in the way that we are intending, in this way that we are investing our time and effort to develop you to bring material manifestation to the world. Redouble your efforts, beloved souls. Think of the inhibitions. Think of the misdirections of the mind. Think of the yearnings of your soul and acknowledge them. Be with God first and foremost. Be with God. Seek His Love and all else will come in its stead.

It is the misalignment of desire and intention, most of which comes from the material mind, that stands in your way. The purity of the soul is within each one of you. Once you clear away the debris, and willfully so with a desire to be pure in thought and deed, then the manifestations will come readily and beautifully through you. These things are needed. We observe progression, but it is slow and somewhat tedious.

The time grows short, my friends. You must pick up the pace and become more diligent in your efforts if you wish to reach your goal, as do we. Together, we shall work to bring the Truth of God's Love to humanity, to bring this in all the ways and means at our disposal and to do so in dynamic ways that will capture the imaginations and intentions of humanity. It is a great task, one that requires great effort and dedication. We continue to encourage you forward, to reiterate what is required and the barriers that keep you from the fulfilment of this gift.

May you be blessed, beloved souls, in the grace of God. His beautiful Love is yours for the asking at any moment. Shall we pray together, beloveds? Shall we pray? God bless you. Your teacher, Augustine, loves you so.
