---
title: "Spiritual Guardian of FUSC Blesses Congregation"
menu_title: ""
description: "Spiritual Guardian of FUSC Blesses Congregation"
date: 2025-04-07 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Spiritual Guardian of FUSC Blesses Congregation

March 30<sup>th</sup>, 2025

First United Spiritual Church, Burnaby, BC, Canada

Mark received by Al Fike

May God be with you, beloved souls. I am Mark and I am the guardian of your church. I am also a Celestial being who comes to uphold you and protect you. I come because this is a centre of light, a beautiful place where you may all come and share your love, appreciation and truth together and be truly children of God.

My beloved friends, be kind and generous to one another. Support one another. For where in this troubled world of yours do you have such ability and opportunity to open yourselves freely in love, caring, in peace and in truth? Here, under the roof of love, this great portal that exists here brings many high spirits and angels into your midst. Indeed, you benefit from these spirits and from this light that is created. I encourage you to build light. You do so with your prayers, your thoughts toward positive, loving actions and intentions towards one another.

Be with God, for this is a church. This is a house of God. God ensures that this is here for you and that all the blessings given without judgement or restriction are given freely to each of you, provided you are open, receptive and desire this to be so. There is much that can be accomplished here. Many of you have great and wondrous gifts, beautiful souls, bright, shining and truly instruments of God. For God wants the world to be uplifted, blessed and at peace.

Here, you find nourishment so that you may go out in the world and promote these things in loving kindness, generosity and purposeful intention. You will learn much. You will receive much. May the Love of God find its way within your soul that will start you upon the journey toward the place from which I come, a place filled with joy, love, wonderment and truth.

May you be blessed, beloved souls. May you be blessed. I come with many friends who are with you at this moment, blessing each one of you. Do you feel the peace? Do you feel the upliftment, the beautiful light that is shed upon you all? It is given freely, without judgment. God loves you so. God will love you for all eternity.

God bless you, my friends. I am Mark. I will continue to oversee this beautiful church, consecrated by the touch of the Master and given many blessings and upliftment to assist you upon your spiritual journey. God bless you, beloved souls. My love is with you all. God bless you.
