---
title: "The Chemistry and Alignment Required to Release Soul Encrustrations"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Chemistry and Alignment Required to Release Soul Encrustrations"
date: 2025-09-03 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Chemistry and Alignment Required to Release Soul Encrustrations

July 12<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Happy Mediums Development Group, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

Blessing to you, my friends. It is Seretta Kem. I wish to speak somewhat about mediumship. The chemistry of mediumship is a simple matter, especially when there is a harmonious group sitting together to develop such a thing. Each brings a component, constituents of what is required in this chemical process to help others. One has an excess of this, while the other has a shortage. Yet, indeed, as you sit together, we may blend those chemicals and even out the playing field, as you would say.

Now, the chemistry of the soul and the chemistry of desire is a very different matter indeed. It is not mechanical. It is the constituency of each individual's condition, the condition of their souls. You have been taught that the soul carries layers of encrustation around it and the soul wishes to break free of these restrictions and conditions. We cannot do this for any individual. We can only encourage and, in many cases, uplift and inspire individuals in their prayers and their desires to slough off these conditions. Of course, the main solution that causes these conditions to dissolve is the Divine Love, followed by your own willingness to release these conditions consciously. Yet, when you are in alignment in these ways, indeed, encrustations will fall away. Because of the conditions of your world, what individuals take on as encrustations can be great. Therefore, the effort and time necessary to release them is also great.

Each of you are at a different level, a different phase of purification of the soul. Each of you are struggling to release what you can. We are there to assist you in that. It is important that you consider that these encrustations will inhibit your instrumentality. Any form of instrumentality of the soul must be filtered through these encrustations. If you think of your soul as a jewel that indeed has many facets to it, some facets are cleaner than others. Some expressions of your soul, gifts and instrumentalities of your soul, have a clearer passage of expression than others that are heavily encrusted. Of course, the goal is to clean everything, to release all encrustations, that that beautiful gem that is you may sparkle with light, energies and blessings for the benefit not only of yourself but for others.

This we attempt to do, day in and day out. Whether you are aware of it or not, the efforts to help you release these conditions is continuous and intense. Yet, if you do not comply with the laws that allow for the release of these encrustations, the cleaning of the gem of your soul, then you inhibit this process greatly. Pray for the release of these conditions. Understand with humility that you are encrusted with earthly conditions and that you must make effort, and prayerful effort, to be released from these things. That way, you become a clear and beautiful instrument for God. This is one important aspect of development, one that must be recognised each and every day and prayed for and also to make the choice not to add to those encrustations with dark thoughts and deeds that cling to the soul. It is important to uplift your thoughts, to understand your motivations and have them work for your benefit, rather than be destructive in terms of your soul condition.

Act in light. You know the truths, my friends. You know what light is. You know what love is. You know what harmony is. Surely, you feel these things as you move in your daily lives. If you sensitise yourself enough, you will realise every moment of your existence, whether you are in harmony or whether you are not, whether you are in light or whether you are diminishing your light, whether you are expressing truth or contradicting truth. If you are to be a true and responsible instrument for God, you must comply with the laws for which you are created, of what your soul responds to and is influenced by and subject to.

Many of these laws have been listed, some in books, some have been spoken of, but God has not left anything out in terms of your education. If you are eager and willing and you study and look at the laws and practise utilising the laws for your overall good and benefit, then there will be no problem, my beautiful friends. Yet, if you study these laws and understand them well and yet act in contradiction to them, contrary to light and bring darkness to yourself, you cannot be used as God's instruments. For you put yourself in jeopardy. When you draw darkness to you, you draw dark forces as well. The Law of Attraction states this clearly.

You must discipline your thoughts, be sincere and intense with your prayers and know your desires and your motivations. If you are to be a responsible individual in this group, then you cannot play two sides of the coin and expect to be deeply blessed as a result. Indeed, blessings will come. God's Love for you is great and He does not withhold that Love. Yet, if you seek out these blessings and then go about your daily life contradicting them in your thoughts and actions, then you neutralise the benefits and you do not move forward.

Be responsible always. It does not mean that you are unable to enjoy life, or to have a good life, or to engage in the aspects of life that the material life offers. These things are available to you. God created the Earth, created a body and created a mind and all of these things that you are, but to have your priorities set, with the primary priority to nourish your soul. To nourish your soul is to live a life that is of light and harmony and peace, a life that studies and yearns to acknowledge and understand truth, a life of prayer, a life of being a channel of Love. If you can do this and do it consistently, not perfectly, God does not expect perfection from any of you, but if you can do it primarily in light, and sometimes slipping into error, often without clear intention to do so, then all will go well in terms of your instrumentality, your life, the harmony within your life.

You understand this, beautiful and earnest souls of God, but it bears repeating over and over again. For the conditions of your world press down upon you over and over again. You must be vigilant, disciplined and realise that every day, every moment of every day, is an opportunity to learn and grow, to be of light, to be of truth. That truth can be an honesty within yourself. It can also be sharing of the spiritual truths that you know. It can be many things.

I urge you, my beloved friends, as you pray and pray for more of God's Love to empower you on the journey toward greater light and greater harmony, as you grow in Love, so these things must be. Yet, as you resist these things, so the disharmony comes. Allow, embrace, feel the joy of God's blessings. Acknowledge this. Sustain it in your thoughts. Sustain it in your actions, so that everything that you do will be an acknowledgement of God, an acknowledgement of the life that God has given you and a joyful expression of these things.

May God bless you, dear souls. I am Seretta Kem. I am with you upon this journey. My commitment is complete in regard to your continued progress and what I might do to assist you. Of course, I am not the only one. There are many, many others. God provides everything you require. God gives you the power of Love to ignite true transformation and healing within. Allow it to break the shackles, the encrustations that you carry. You will know joy beyond joy, light beyond light, truth deep and abiding, love forever. God bless you, my friends. Seretta Kem loves you dearly. God bless you.
