---
title: "We Are as One in God’s Universe of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "We Are as One in God’s Universe of Light"
date: 2025-10-25 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# We Are as One in God’s Universe of Light

September 18<sup>th</sup>, 2025

France Retreat, Fontainebleau, France

Mary received by Al Fike

May God bless you deeply with His Love. I am Mary, the mother of Jesus. I come to pray with you, precious souls of God. I do not seek those who pray to me, nor does my son seek this. We seek to serve God as you do, to be His instruments as you are His instruments, for the great chain of love that comes from on high reaches humanity with the power of Love that brings many blessings. I come because many in this country think of me and revere me and yet I wish to bring clarity to my role and purpose in God's Kingdom of Love.

I am with you in love. I am with you as a channel of love and I embrace you all in love, for I am part of you. You are part of me in God's universe of Love. May nothing hold you back from God and no misconceptions keep you in that place that blocks the truth from your consciousness, that all truth, all truth, may flourish within you and that the Truth of God's Love may be the cornerstone of your daily life. For this is the message that my son brought. This is the message that legions of angels strive to promote within the world, the earthly world. If humanity can grasp this message and live by it at least to a degree, the world would change dramatically. Life would be very different indeed.

My beloved and beautiful friends, children of God, we come to assist you to bring the truth to humanity. We come in love. We come because you are our brothers and sisters in this truth. We come to collaborate and to offer the key to true freedom, true awakening, true liberation from the darkness. My beloveds, you are surrounded by angels and you have many curious spirits who observe you. We will conduct our time together to not only help you, my beloveds, but to help them, for there are far more in the spirit world who are keen to hear the truth, to see the truth demonstrated, to see the light poured upon you and by circumstance poured upon them.

So much work yet to be done, beloveds. The world is ignorant of truth. It is for you to stand up, to carry the banner of truth into the world and to be a channel of love for all you meet and wherever you go. God has guided us to this place together. We will know and feel the intent and purpose that God has laid before us and all the glory and Love that is His blessing to each one of us. It comes, it flows. It engulfs us all in this great reverie of love and light.

God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary and I come to embrace each one of you, to encourage you and to uphold you. God bless you. My love is with you.
