---
title: "Divine Love is the Key to Unravel the Errors in Humanity"
menu_title: ""
description: "Divine Love is the Key to Unravel the Errors in Humanity"
date: 2025-08-04 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Divine Love is the Key to Unravel the Errors in Humanity

May 10<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Blessings and greetings to you, my friends. It is Orion. I am happy to be speaking through this instrument once again, to speak of the wonderment and blessings that come with this great Love of the Creator, this beautiful gift that is given to every soul in the universe who desires it and who opens themselves to its blessing. We gather once again in our efforts and our commitment to be instruments, channels of love in the world, in your world and, consequently, with each soul that expresses this love, this gift, it is expressed into the universe. Thus you are contributing, not only to your planet, but you are contributing to the universal well-being that is meant to be in this great creation of God.

Continue with your efforts. Continue to be consistent and steadfast in your efforts to receive this gift. Do not withhold, do not obstruct, but be truly a part of a great movement, a great shift of the consciousness of humanity and of the universe. For God's great edict for the universe is continued progression, continued evolution and continued development. Where does that begin in any of God's children? It is within the soul. That is the beginning and essence of each individual's progress through the eternal journey that is of the soul that has been transformed in Love.

My beloved friends, each of you begins this journey on firm footing. Each of you has been given the blessing of this universal Love. Each of you shall remain upon the path that reflects this gift from God. We are dedicated. We are steadfast upon a path that shall lead to many interesting and wonderful experiences and acts of service in the world. As you continue to be prepared and strengthened and as you continue your personal journey of transformation, know that we are with you, we continue to uphold you and that many are with you and uphold you.

Do not consider a timeline for this progress, this transformation. Rather, appreciate where your consciousness lies at this very moment and how you are in the world at this moment. This is what is relevant and important, rather than your mind ruminating upon the possibilities of your progress and the possibilities of changes around you and within the world that you live in. These mindful conceits often lead to inaccurate conclusions. When you entertain these ideas, you make a somewhat subtle obstruction toward your true progress and your true being within that progress. Allow yourself the luxury of being in the flow of God and God's Will. Allow yourself to release the conditions that obstruct this.

Be at peace, my friends. You are protected, you are guided and you are blessed. What more do you require as you continue on this road? Be true to your soul's longings and desires. Allow yourself to sink deep into that place of awareness, of soul consciousness. Each time you do this, you contradict the flow of human endeavour and desire, which is of the material focus and expression. Indeed, there needs to be great effort made to contradict this flow, which will ultimately lead to greater pain and destruction if it is enhanced and reinforced by human thought and action. Rather, you are contradicting this momentum. You are walking in a way that is revolutionary. In your efforts to counteract the conditions, the human condition, you have brought great forces to bear upon you that are of light and have great power to give to you, to work through you and to give to the world.

Yes, you are few and far between, my friends, those of you who are truly seeking light and doing so with the consciousness of soul and the relationship with the Creator, the Oversoul. Thus, you are extremely precious to us and to all forces that wish to bring light and harmony to the world. Recognise the courage and the stamina that you possess to be that individual who goes against the flow of human endeavour. Indeed, more strength, more enlightenment and more love is always required, but you have come a long way, my beloved friends, a long way indeed. We will continue to uphold you and support you upon that journey. We do so in love. We do so honouring you. We do so without contradicting your free will and your desire.

Our hope is that you will come into full alignment with God, God's plan to salvage this world of yours, to bring it back to harmony and balance, to bring humanity back in relationship with the Creator. These things will take great effort. Indeed, there are great times of change and upheavals that will cause humanity to pause, to think and to reconsider and recalibrate their thinking. These things, though they are harsh and destructive, are also an opportunity, an opening for humanity to change for the better. Those who resist change shall suffer the consequences of their resistance. Not that God is punishing them, but humanity has created conditions that befall upon them in harsh and destructive ways.

Humanity has no idea of their power, the power of their thoughts, the power of their actions within the reality, the creation of God, which is this world of yours. Yet, they will soon realise how powerful their actions and thoughts are and how they have created for themselves, all of you have created for yourselves, a dilemma, a very serious dilemma, one that must be resolved. For in God's universe, there is a requirement of the progress toward harmony and harmony is not achieved through human will and endeavour that is contradictory to the Laws of Creation.

Each must reconsider their actions, their thoughts and the way in which they live. This consideration is now upon you, my beloved friends. The momentum for change, the momentum to resist human will, is great and is building. Thus it will overshadow and overpower the will of man in favour of the Will of God and the creation of God. These things you must consider in your own life, how you might further reinforce the Will of God in your life, reinforce harmony in your life and be truly a light in the world. Choice is everywhere. Choice is with every breath. How you feel, think and be in the world is your responsibility. It is a gift given by God to move and be in the world of your own volition. Indeed, without soul, wisdom and consciousness, it is difficult to find your way through the trials and tests of life. You must apply the wisdom of your soul. Find your way upon the path toward harmony and peace, toward expression of love and all things that come from love.

It is your challenge, beloved souls. Everyone on this Earth of yours is exceedingly challenged. It is a challenging time. It is a difficult time. Indeed, the vast majority of humanity continues to live within their own illusions, their own reality created by mind, created by the distractions of the five senses and the desires of the body, the desires of the mind to be in control. All of these conditions and attributes that are a part of you are working against you. This is a great challenge to unravel and undo these illusions and conditions that keep you from harmony and from peace. This is accomplished through Love, the great Love of God. The powerhouse of Light that is within you, your soul will be the key to this unravelling and will bring to you the wisdom that is required to change deeply and profoundly. Your own personal transformation takes place with the inflowing of the Love of God.

This power is beyond all other powers. This gift is beyond all other gifts. I urge you, my beloved friends, to continue each day this dedication that is your day, to receive greater measures of what you call Divine Love and be focused, truly focused, upon that prayer and desire. This will be your foundation in the future, the future that is almost upon us, so that you may be safe and in light and also help others to find their way to safety and light. It is crucial, my beautiful friends, that you put the laws in action to your benefit, so that you may be changed and transformed in the Truth, in the Love and in the Light that is of God.

God bless you, my beloved friends. As always, I am with you. Orion loves you and loves you dearly. Continue to fight the great battle between darkness and light, between error and truth, between the inner misguidance and that which is truly of God. God bless you, my friends. God bless you all.
