---
title: "I Am Holding Your Hand as We Walk Forward Together"
menu_title: ""
description: "I Am Holding Your Hand as We Walk Forward Together"
date: 2025-06-28 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# I Am Holding Your Hand as We Walk Forward Together

April 30<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Anaheim Retreat, Anaheim, CA, USA

Anna received by Elizabeth Mack

I have stayed in the background, doing all that I was inclined to do in support of my brothers and sisters here and in this circle. I come forward now to encourage you, each one, to step forward and to be unafraid. As you act in the Love of God, in each step, you need not fear reprisal. You need not be in anguish of any outcome. In stepping in the Love of God, you will be held. You will be held closely, comforted in each step forward.

You must know that there are many significant numbers who are here and are always available to you. Come to know this truth. First, your relationship with God. Then, come to know those around you who support you in love and who desire only the highest for you in your journey toward God. Although the path is straight and narrow, it is well supported, strengthened by your will to be at one with God.

You need never fear along this path. I am here to support you, love you and bring you forward. It is my privilege. It is my love for my brothers and sisters and, above all, my love and commitment to our Father, a commitment that will never be broken. I am a true child of my Father and connected to all of you because of the Love in our souls. Fear not. Step forward, one step at a time, knowing that we are with you every step of the way.

I am your sister, Anna. I hold your hand as we walk together. May God bless you. May God bless each of you in this circle as we walk forward together, hand in hand.
