---
title: "The Destiny of Humanity in the Universe"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Destiny of Humanity in the Universe"
date: 2025-07-22 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Destiny of Humanity in the Universe

June 13<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. May a tidal wave of God's Love wash over each one of you, washing you, uplifting you, bringing you into greater harmony with all that is universal harmony and all that is of God's creation. For when that harmony is attained, when the blessings flow readily and powerfully within you, to you and around you, then light intensifies upon your planet. Each of you has the capacity to increase the light of your planet, thereby contributing to greater harmony in your world.

My beautiful friends, the goal is to shatter the illusions that are created by the human condition, the reality that humanity has made for itself, of its own making and its own condition that is isolated and keeps many from God. When the soul is awakened, one begins to realise that you are not alone in the universe. Rather, the universe of God's creation is full of life . You begin to see the interconnectivity of all life. That sense that the Earth is one small, isolated part of a vast universe is transformed into the understanding and perception that the universe is not that immense and that you are not an isolated backwater of this creation of God.

Rather, you are a vital part of it. This Earth is a vital part of all that God created. As such, the attention of those of us from other planets in the universe are warranted and important, for we understand the connections. We understand how we are all a part of one and that in this oneness of creation, harmony must come to each element and each aspect of creation. Indeed, as the prayer states, you are the highest and most wondrous of God's creations. With the wonderment of who you are and the blessing of free will that God gives to you, you may choose harmony, light and love. You may choose to be infilled and awakened by the Essence of God's Soul given to you freely, provided you ask and open yourself to this gift.

Many in the universe that are not of this Earth understand this dynamic, this principle of Love. We apply ourselves accordingly to receive and to thrive within this gift. We are here to help you and to encourage you upon that journey, the journey of the soul seeking out God, the journey of the soul receiving the great gift that God has to give each one of you. As you grow in this gift, as your perceptions heighten, deepen and broaden, you will begin to realise the interconnectivity of the universe and how important your place within it is, how wondrous is your being in its capacities and powers of creativity and connectivity in the universe. The power of love is that which fuels this connectivity and fuels your ability to create and reach out into the universe in ways that are not particularly well understood by you now, but will be in the future.

The time comes when humanity must open its eyes, must shatter the illusions and must choose light and harmony. We gather around this planet of yours, this beautiful, beautiful planet, and we wait and also act to prepare and to open the way to the awakening that surely must come. For what will come otherwise without this gift and awakening from God is not desirable and will bring greater suffering to humanity. Rather, God is merciful. God is generous. God's Love is everywhere and it has its influence and blessings for your world that will continue to flow toward your world, this great Love, this great compassion that God has for all of you, a world that could be something magnificent with great harmony and great potential realised.

Yet, it requires the free will choice of each individual to seek out light and to be in harmony with one's creation and with one's Creator. Each of you has chosen to seek out this Truth and to be in greater harmony and alignment with God. This draws us, those of us of light, those of us who are far along this path of light, to come to your aid, to come and help and assist you along the journey of a soul's awakening. For within the soul lies the key to all that is required for your awakening and for the awakening of the planet. Without understanding the mechanism that brings this awakening, that mechanism of Love from God, then humanity continues to entertain intellectual and mindful pursuits, which it believes offer solutions for the great dilemmas of life. Unfortunately, what humanity can understand in this way will not bring harmonious solutions to your world. It will bring some relief and comfort. There is love there, human love. There is an insight there, human insight. Yet, what is required is far deeper, broader and more powerful, and that cannot happen without the infusion of the divine within humanity.

We come to be an example, a teacher, to encourage and influence all of you who are willing to take this path less travelled, who are willing to be a light, even though, often within your mind, you do not understand what this means. Yet, you are carried in faith. You are carried in the trust, the understanding that you do possess that is of the soul emerging from the dark night, from the ignorance and the painful conditions that you are born into. Thus, in your struggles, you have many resources, many avenues of blessings, upliftment and comfort, much to influence you in your daily life and much to influence you in your prayers. God provides all that you require to be uplifted. You keep coming back to the Source of Light and Love, the “Living Waters,” as Jesus calls them. You return over and over again to be nourished and awakened. You are the hope of the world and those like you who are seeking to be a light. We come in ever greater numbers as the culmination of an era of humanity is close at hand and the beginning of something new and wondrous takes shape.

May you all be blessed, strengthened and filled with insight, love, compassion and all that you require to help lead humanity from the brink of its own destruction to that of light, love and true life. It comes day by day, step by step. You walk into greater light, my friends and you will find yourself in service to God and humanity, along this road of light, growing, evolving and transforming your soul into something that is truly magnificent. Be true to yourselves and to your Creator. Yes, even a simple life is a powerful example of what humanity may become. I urge you not to speculate and overtax your minds in the imagination of what may come. Rather, be steadfast with God. In this, all will fall into place. His plan will be realised and the truth revealed. All that humanity is longing for will be close at hand, available to their reach and their desire to be in light.

May you each be blessed with Living Waters washing over you. May you each know peace. May you each gain greater insight, the visions and revelations that come from the soul awakened by God, that you may be those who bring truth, light and love, the progenitors of many blessings. You are blessed, my friends. You shall know the benefits of your prayers and efforts and walk in the world as the light. You will have us and many others as your friends, as your protectors and as your guides. We will manifest in time to help humanity see and understand all that is meant to be by God and all that shall unfold in His magnificent plan for the salvation of humanity.

God bless you. I am Orion. I love you so, my earthly friends. We are all connected. We are all brothers and sisters. We will know one another well in the course of eternal progression. God bless you, my friends. God bless you.
