---
title: "Why Each Must Ask for God's Divine Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Why Each Must Ask for God's Divine Love"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Why Each Must Ask for God's Divine Love

August 21<sup>st</sup>, 2025

Other Prayer Groups, Dallas, OR, USA

Mary received by Elizabeth Mack

I am Mary. I come with blessings for you and all of God's children, for your prayer has touched God's Soul. In response, I am here to share with you the Love that God feels for each of God's children. Your sincere prayers have reached God's Soul and they will always reach God's Soul. We in the Celestial Spheres encourage you to pray deeply, sincerely and consistently, many, many times throughout your day and night to continue to be in touch, in contact and in rapport with those who are willing to guide you along the path that you walk.

We hope and pray for each soul upon the Earth that they turn to God, that they open their souls and receive the blessings that God has for each one, which, as you know, is different for each. This is why they must themselves request God's Love to come into their souls, because each individual receives what each individual requires to progress. This is why we ask that you share with your brothers and sisters your love and the truth that you know and live by, so that they too will be inspired to ask God for this Love and receive the gifts that are tailor made and individualised for each soul.

It is imperative for their well-being now and going forward along their journeys. I cannot express too greatly the importance of the work that you have before you. You must trust when we tell you it is vital for the salvation of humanity that you reach out and share the wealth that is within you with your brothers and sisters. Regardless of their resistance, they will accept your influence in the future, at a time when they are most receptive.

I come to you in supplication to all who know the truth to reach out to each person that they meet and interact with. Touch them with your love and share the Truth of Divine Love, of God's gifts that are available to them. Show them how to reach out to God to receive their particular blessings from our Creator, our great Divine Soul, whom we all love and who loves us even more.

I am your sister, Mary. I thank you for your time in prayer and your willingness to receive this message and share with your brothers and sisters. We are with you and will continue to be with you on your journeys. God bless you. My love is with you and God's Love continues to infill your souls with His Love.
