---
title: "Your Ministry, Your Calling and Your Life"
menu_title: ""
description: "Your Ministry, Your Calling and Your Life"
date: 2025-05-28 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Your Ministry, Your Calling and Your Life

April 27<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Running Springs, CA, USA

Luke received by Al Fike

Beloved souls, I am Luke. I come to speak to you about your ministry, your calling and your life. We were called by the Master, one by one, gathering about him all those years ago. It is not that we had great faith and trust in God that allowed us to let go of our lives as Jesus called us. Rather, it was the power and conviction that Jesus displayed, his trust in us, each one, that convinced us to follow him and to be a part of the work and ministry that he began.

We found great comfort in one another and with him. We prayed with him. We learned how to pray. We learned of his teachings. We came and gathered together in this bonded group of love and dedication. We witnessed the power of our beloved brother Jesus, ministering to whomever would listen, whomever was in need. We travelled the countryside as his apostles.

Jesus has called each one of you. He has asked you to form a band of apostles for this great Truth, a truth that is new and old, a truth that is powerful and is needed in the world. You have gathered together in the comfort of your friendship and your fellowship. Yet, are your eyes looking out into the world or looking in toward one another, seeking out that comfort, seeking out that fellowship? The world is a very different place than it was back in my day. Things were much simpler. Yet, underneath that simplicity was danger, great danger, for the brutality of the regime under which we lived could take your life at a moment's notice. We witnessed the taking of our dear, beloved Master's life because he stepped too far beyond the balance of what was acceptable at that time.

You are not in so much danger. Yet, there are few that are willing to listen. There are few who are seeking you out. You are using all the instrumentalities and channels of communication that you can influence in your ministries. There are those who are curious and who listen. There are those who contemplate and evaluate the message that you give, a message that is simple, a message that is direct. You are not confusing and complicating this message. You are making all the efforts that you can to bring it through in all the ways that you are able and yet the world turns a blind eye to you.

I know you are frustrated, my beloved and beautiful friends. I know you want to do more. You are eager to do more. Yet, part of you continues to seek out the comforts of your material life and all the material accoutrements of that life. Part of you is afraid to be out in the world as one who brings truth and one who demonstrates truth to the vast majority who are skeptical, even cruel in their judgements. This is a great dilemma for you, beloved students of truth. This is a great challenge. God waits for His children whom He has called and prepared. We wait for you to make that ultimate decision to step forward. Yet, you continue with one foot in the reality of the human condition and one seeking out the soulful expression of your being, serving God in faith and trust, walking a path of service and seeking out God's Will with each day.

We did not know where the Master would take us and how this would all unfold. This was a blessing for us. To see what truly happened in the end, the horror of it all, would have caused us to be very reluctant indeed and very fearful. Yet, because we were innocent, because we trusted, because we had a leader who was clear, adamant about the message that he was to convey to the world, we were able to muster our strength, walk in faith and be with him in all that he did and all that he accomplished. He is known today because he persisted and he walked the path that was God guided.

Each of you have the potential to lead, to be that channel of love and truth in the world. Yet, there is a part of you that is so strong that resists, that is imbued with strong opinions and ideas as to what your ministry might be. We were fortunate to have a leader who was clear, who was of light and who knew the truth. You are fortunate because you have many on our side of life who are willing to protect, guide and lead you. Jesus was not that fortunate in his ministry, though he had a relationship with his Heavenly Father that was like none other. I see your dilemmas, my beloved friends. I see your willingness and your unwillingness. I see your dedication and your ambivalence. I see within you a great understanding of truth and yet even you continue to blur the truth with some fallacies, some illusions and some reluctance.

Yet, the time grows short where you must act. We are patient with you, my beloved brothers and sisters. We love you dearly. We crowd around you daily. We sacrifice the pleasures of Heaven to be with you, to uphold you and support you, for we know how important it is to guide you forward, to help you to that place of the ultimate decision, to choose the path, service and purpose that God has set before you, that you may truly walk in the world uninhibited, unshackled and true to what God wishes of you. You have not come to that place yet, but each time you come together in these Circles of Light, do we not talk of dedication and service, of walking upon the Path Divine with the stride of purpose, with an unconditional faith in that purpose, to be a part of God's plan for the salvation of humanity, to walk without distraction, to be a channel of love without that part of you that often wishes to pull away and find the pleasures and allurements of this world of yours?

Indeed, you are challenged and you know this. You are aware of your own impediments. Yet, you persist, because your souls are true to this purpose. The impediments rest within the mind. It is like stones upon the field of your journey. At times, you trip over these stones. At times, you walk around them. The stones persist not because God has placed them there. The stones persist because you have allowed them to exist upon this travel, this track that you follow. With faith, they will disappear. With trust, you will walk around them. With focus, you will not be perturbed by them. Yet, indeed, you must have trust and faith. You must be strong, and not strong in the wilful way of being strong, but strong in the faithful way of being God's servants.

You will find your way, my beloved friends. I do not set forth my observations because I wish to judge you and to tell you you are inadequate. This is not my purpose at all. It is merely to remind you of the impediments that still exist and how through your efforts and your choices, you may overcome these things quickly or slowly, depending upon the pace of your actions and your efforts. Be true to the Will of God. Be true to the wisdom of your soul. Be true to the Love that flows within and the Love that flows through you. If you are true to these things, so very simple and yet powerful, the impediments are irrelevant. You may journey forth upon a path of service that will be most rewarding and all your needs will be met, beloved friends. All that is an impediment will fall away, but it requires your faith and trust.

My beloved friends, I am Luke. My love for you is great. I know the impediments that we faced as the apostles of the Master. I see clearly the impediments that you face also as the apostles of the Master. All of us who took our faith seriously, even after our beloved Jesus died, met an untimely end. Some were quickly dispatched, others were not, but we all travelled the world with faith, trusting in God. We met many, many seekers upon that journey. I urge you to also journey forth in the world. God will guide you. God will provide for you. All will fall into place when you seek for the highest and express the highest in all you do.

God bless you, my friends, and keep you in His Love. We are here with you always. There are no times where you are left alone and to your own resources. We are here. God provides all that you need and shall do so for all the days of your life. God bless you, beloved souls. Luke loves you. Many love you. God bless you.
