---
title: "God’s Love Permeates the Universe"
menu_title: ""
description: "God’s Love Permeates the Universe"
date: 2025-09-03 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God’s Love Permeates the Universe

July 27<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Greetings and blessings to you, my friends. I am Orion. Many of you know of me. I am not of this world. I am of a place far away, but I and many others come from those places far away to support humanity in the continued evolution of your species on this beautiful planet of yours.

The continued development of your technologies and your perspectives on life bring you further away from God, your Creator. Many planets have gone through this phase where they are enthralled by their mental capacities, imaginations and abilities to create objects. As this great entertainment of mind continues on your world, as it has in many others, there comes a detachment from the physical and the spiritual toward that which is of the mind and that which is of your technologies. Many are well distracted in this created reality of technological efficiency and complexity. Many believe this is the future for humanity, something that will solve all the problems of this world of yours. Indeed, each of you who carries some device, something with you and focuses much time upon it, will find that these things will detract from your spiritual life, entertaining the mind constantly, the flow of information being saturated into the mind and the mind feeling satisfied by this experience.

What of the soul, my friends? I wish to tell you that the most successful planets in the universe are ones who have a balance between the mind and the soul. There are even those, such as my planet, who have absorbed the material mind into the soul mind. These planets are full of joy, harmony and peace. We come to you, and I represent many others, to encourage you toward this balance of soul and mind. This handful of intrepid travellers upon the journey of soul are very blessed indeed in their endeavours, for there are many who support them. This is the future of humanity, if humanity deems it to be so. This is the way forward, to develop the soul. This gift that God offers every human being, every soul in the universe, is to follow the road which God intends for His beloved creations.

Those of us on my planet are humble. They lead simple lives, but lives that are enhanced by the faculties, abilities and gifts of their soul. Therefore, the material necessities are not so great, and the spiritual awakenings bring far deeper and greater fulfilment than anything that the material world can offer. Thus, we are heavily weighted toward the experience of our soul in life and not so dependent upon worldly possessions and worldly nurturance. Though we live in the world, I have a physical body, but I project myself here to you and through this instrument because I am able to do so. My soul is developed extensively and has a gift for this form of communication.

We, upon my planet, spread out in the universe, seeking to support vulnerable souls, souls that inhabit worlds such as this, who are exploring pathways that, in the end, will be a dead end and will not fulfil the desire for joy and a good life. It is the spiritual journey that is needed, and we come to teach this. We come to help all who are interested, who are receptive to the teachings of truth. For we carry a high Truth, you carry a high Truth, and your angel friends carry a high Truth. Your angel friends demonstrate the wonderment and beauty that comes with a soul that is infilled extensively with the Divine Love. These are the examples that you must follow. Indeed, you listen to their words, and you seek their rapport with you, so that you continue on this journey toward greater light, assisted by those who have a soul that is filled with Love, a being that is of great light.

How fortunate you are to attract such beauty and light to you. We are just one component, one contingent of the army of souls, of beautiful lights, who continue to attend to you, beloved souls. We shall do so, for we are greatly concerned for your world, and we have great love for everybody upon it, as do all these beautiful spirits that surround you now. We wish for this world to flourish. Every world that God has created that has life, has with life the potential for greater life, for deeper development and progression. Each of those planets that are inhabited by souls are given the choice to be in the flow and harmony of God and God’s creations, to understand these fundamental truths of the universe, or to reject these things as your planet has and continue on a trajectory that is of their own making.

Yet, you see, there is much suffering here. You have experienced suffering in your own life. Yet, as you continue to seek out this Truth of Love, this flow and blessing from God, do you not see how your suffering is alleviated and how you feel more in harmony, more joy as you continue on this path? This is the message we wish to give to all of humanity. We are grateful that there are a handful such as yourselves who are listening, not only to us, but to many who are seeking diligently to uphold this planet, to bring the higher Truth to all of you.

I urge you also to share this Truth and to share your light in the world, a light that is very much needed. We start with a handful, but it is our hope that, in the end, there will be millions of souls who are touched and inspired to walk this path of love. This is what will change the world. The power of love is the glue that holds the universe together and it is the gift that ignites great progress with every soul. May you continue on this road of progression. May you continue to be open to the insights, revelations and blessings that God has to give, for the Great Creator of all has much to give His children. Those who are scientists, who are developing along these material lines of technologies and ideas, have little to offer you who, with a soul awakening and opening, will know far greater things of the universe than they can possibly imagine.

The benefits of a soul progressing, awakening and being transformed are many. You only touch the tip of the iceberg, my friends, in terms of what you know and what you have experienced, any of you here. There is so very much more awaiting each of you as you continue along this path of true awakening, of true knowing. It is an awesome journey toward all truth and greater life.

I urge you to continue in your prayers to seek this great gift. Everyone in the universe that knows of this gift do as you do. They pray. They ask to receive. It is part of their daily life, as it is of yours. Walk the road of truth, as faith within you springs forth and becomes the mighty oak of knowledge, of love and of light. You are the harbingers of change for your world. See yourself as such and take seriously the responsibility that you carry, for within you are the seeds that shall save your world and change it irrevocably. Do not be reticent or stingy with the seeds that you carry, but broadcast them far and wide, so that others may make that choice consciously, to seek out the truth, the very kernel of Truth is that they are loved by their Creator and that they may receive and know the potency and beauty of that Love within them. It is a simple Truth that your beloved Jesus taught but has been ignored by generations. Now, it is time for those who carry these seeds to set forth in the world and be the harbingers of truth.

May God bless you deeply, beloved souls. May you consider your fate, your future, as those instruments, the ones who carry the seeds to bring the salvation of this world. It is a burden but a joy as well. Walk forward, my friends, with a surety, bravery and intention to share what it means to truly be alive and to add greater life with every day that passes. May you be blessed along this journey. May you know the joys of it, the depths and breadth of it, the surety and truth of it and that God’s Love may continue to flow ever more abundantly within your soul.

May you be blessed in Love. I am Orion. I come to be with my brethren. For we are all brothers and sisters in the universe of God's creation. We will know one another in time and recognise that those who possess a soul, those creations of God, are all linked and related in this vast universe. My love is with you. Orion loves you. God bless you.
