---
title: "Deep Prayer creates a Magnetism that draws every Soul to God"
menu_title: ""
description: "Deep Prayer creates a Magnetism that draws every Soul to God"
date: 2025-10-12 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Deep Prayer creates a Magnetism that draws every Soul to God

September 28<sup>th</sup>, 2025

England Retreat, Bassingham, UK

Paul received by Jimbeau Walsh

I am Paul, and I have been waiting to speak to you. You have been witness to love in action, beyond the words, beyond the beliefs, beyond the limitations of dogma, and the futility of argument with words. If you wish to achieve bringing others into your prayer, it will depend on your prayer and the depth of your prayer in receiving the love of God. This creates a magnetism that draws every soul to you and even more so to God, Who has blessed you. So rather than implementing a strategy, allow your prayers to bring you into grace, allow your prayers to bring you into guidance, for even the best laid plans fall at the feet of God. Have you not witnessed how, when you let go and you allow God and the angels to guide you, all things can be accomplished? All things become in the flow of grace.

When I went on my walk on earth to deliver the good news, I didn’t always get everything exactly right, and you’re well aware of this, but I did bring the love in my soul, as did Barnabas, as did Andrew, and all the disciples. For what we could not understand, we could still feel, and we did indeed feel the love of God with us through His holy spirit, and so we prayed with others, whatever their beliefs, and we could not always convince them of this or that, but we could draw them in to the great magnetism of the love of God. Let that be your mission, and you will see the results. For was it not said, *‘Though you speak with the tongues of angels and have not love, you are but a clanging bell’?*

Sing praise. Speak praise. Be humble and pray. This will change the world and draw many into the truth of God’s love beyond the words, beyond the beliefs. Invite all into your prayer, that all may be blessed.

I thank you, and I wish to honor your work, not admonish you, but encourage you to carry on and keep it simple. May we all be in the love of God. With all my love and blessings, I shall step back, and again, I thank you. I am your brother in Christ.

I am Paul.
