---
title: "Consider How You Might Demonstrate Truth in the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Consider How You Might Demonstrate Truth in the World"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Consider How You Might Demonstrate Truth in the World

December 6<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

God bless you, my beloved students. It is your teacher, Augustine. Many have received a portion of Divine Love within their souls over the millennia that this Love has been available to humanity, yet you have understood or appreciated the extent and depth of this gift given, because most have stumbled upon this Truth through earnest prayer and desire. Yet, that prayer, that desire, has been determined by mental ideas that interpret this as something that it is not, just as the Truth that the beloved Master gave so many years ago has been misinterpreted and construed in ways that do not truly bring one, one’s soul, to the Truth.

There is much ignorance in the world. There has been much ignorance and the seeds that God has planted with His Divine Love flowing in, to a degree, are often not recognised, nor are they nurtured, because the individual does not know or understand the process that is the transformation of the soul with Divine Love. Your efforts, your purpose, my beautiful students, is to bring clarity to this process, to teach it, to demonstrate it. This demonstration may be expressed in many different ways. The most powerful demonstration of all is the expression of God's Love within your soul into the world. That is true demonstration, true expression, that will bring and draw many toward you. When the waters are muddied by various mental machinations and interpretations of this, then you are like so many others who have had the experience and yet prefer to interpret the experience with mindful ideas and projections that satisfy that part of you.

Yet, one who walks purely in God's Love, one who is that light, one who expresses love in everything that they are and everything that they do, is a powerful transmitter of truth. You must, my beloved students, consider how you may demonstrate the truth. What gifts do you possess? What opportunities are evident in your life and are you clear on your guidance for what God will guide you to? Many. Yet, you must be open and receptive to that guidance. Much of your life is engaged in distractions and activities that are purely of a material nature. Some of you are content to segment your life into various categories and expressions, so that some are indeed infused with the Father's Love and expression of service and other parts are not. Those barriers that segment these expressions must dissolve, and Love must enter into all parts of your life. When this is the case, then all parts of your life become a demonstration of truth, an expression of the Love within your soul. The power of that Love that is within your soul will serve to melt away the barriers, so that expression will be one continuous flow of love and light in the world.

Yet, the mind continues to desire control and categorisation, a calibration of truth that is distorted and a mistrust of the soul's wisdom and expression, because the mind desires dominance. Each of you is struggling with this duality of existence within you. This has been addressed so many times in so many different ways. Yet, it continues to persist, not just in a few but in every one of you in one way or another. Your struggles and your work must be focused on dissolving those barriers, letting go of the presumptions of the mind and embracing the wisdom and truth that exists within the soul. That way you will reignite the Truth that Jesus came so many years ago to share with humanity. You become his disciples, as he has invited you to be. You become true channels of God's Love, unencumbered by mindful conceits. It is for you to make that choice each and every day, to release the barriers that exist. You are well aware of them. It is not a mystery to you, for you see the demonstration of your own actions in life, often distorted and without potency when it comes to expressing love.

My beloved and beautiful students, how long will you walk this road of duality and contradiction? How long does it take to win this battle? Many are content to live in a place that is comfortable, that incorporates both in a way that you may live in the world without too much unease and discomfort. Yet, we ask of you something that is beyond this, something that will open the doors to much service and a demonstration of truth. If you cannot overcome this one major issue in your life, then you will continue to fight the battle, to be in that place of unease and to suffer. You have elected to follow this path, the Divine Path. You have elected to be a child of the truth. You desire to serve God and yet you must overcome that which holds you back, which keeps you within the framework of mindful conceits and desires that are contrary to what you have subscribed to.

My beloved and beautiful students, you know the truth. You have experienced the truth. You are attempting to live the truth. I merely wish to encourage you towards sealing the commitment and truly being that instrument that God wishes for you to be. It awaits you. Indeed, most of you are very close to taking that leap forward. I urge you on, beloved souls of God, children of truth. I urge you to release those conditions that are not truly part of your soul and to allow your soul ascendancy. In this way, the mind will actually find comfort and peace in this ascendancy and there will be an integration that will assure that what you do as God's instruments will be clear and powerful and beautiful.

Be that instrument that you are meant to be, beloved souls. Be true to your true self and everything will fall into place. There will be harmony and there will be peace. Beside that, there will be strength, clarity and the power of love so beautiful, so wondrous, that it cannot be denied by those who are around you and those you encounter in life. This is the goal, beloved souls. There is a need for you to focus upon it and to be truly free from the burden of a mind distorted, a mind filled with desires and ambitions that are not in harmony with God's Will. Be true, be clear, be in harmony and be in alignment with God.

God bless you, my beloved students. I am your teacher, Augustine. I come yet again to encourage you and to help guide the way. We are with you. We shall help you and assist you in every way that we can, but you have the power to choose. Indeed, you must see with clear mind and soul the issues that are present and the challenges that you face. God bless you, loved ones. Augustine loves you. God bless you.
