---
title: "Knowing Spirit beyond Death"
menu_title: ""
description: "Knowing Spirit beyond Death"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Knowing Spirit beyond Death

December 29<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Nashville, TN, USA

Judas received by Jimbeau Walsh

May the love of God be upon you, and may your hearts be filled with joy. I come, and I am your brother, Judas.

Sometimes, when I consider all the changes in the lives of humans on earth since my time, I am reminded that some things require much time to change, and much steadfastness is required for the light to come through. The expression one can always reflect upon is that two things are extant in the world: death and taxes. This is often posited in a humorous way, as it should be. For, we had our taxes in my day. And we were blessed with the resurrection of the Master, showing us without a doubt that there is life beyond death, and as you well know, the core of his message being that one must be born again, transformed in the love of God.

I will say this, that all sincere seekers who humbled themselves since that time to this very day and asked to feel the love of God have received it. When you are in a state of harmony, and I will say, an exalted state, in the holy presence of God, you do not fear the transition (into spirit). When one is even in a state of great natural love, one is not considering their death; one is not fearful. And yet, the fear of death can bring with it many benefits. For example, one considers where they are in their life. Does it have meaning? Does it have worth? What might happen to them if they were to pass away on this very day? And so forth. Of course, those who have had what are called near-death experiences often find they no longer have any fear of transitioning. So, I would like to draw a parallel between being in a state of grace, being in communion with the presence and the essence of God, with those who can perceive the spirit world and know that it exists. This is a great boon for those who may or may not know about the existence of God’s love and what it brings forth in the transformation of the soul.

I would like to make a suggestion that you might find valuable in your interactions with people who are open to the truth but seem to have difficulty in comprehending it, immersed in the material world, as they may be, and material concerns. I would say it is not only quite common but almost universal that during one’s life on earth, they feel the presence of a departed one. It could be a spouse, a parent, a grandparent, or a dear friend. But there are moments when they feel the presence of this one, and they are quite aware of it and may even exclaim, *“Ah! I felt so-and-so with me!” or “this one must have helped me in my dilemma.”* It is good to remind them that this is an expression of communication with spirit. And those who are still alive, very much so, from this realization, can come the more esoteric truth of the transformation of the soul, and thus you may find this helpful in your wish to communicate the truths of God’s Love and to bring prayer and meditation into the lives of those whose souls are seeking connection with God.

May your prayers in the New Year bring the love of God into your souls in great abundance, that you may open many doors for many souls in many ways in many places. May the joy of Divine Love be with you and permeate your being. Let the light of this love shine forth from each soul to the world. I shall step back in this prayer, and I rejoice in your company. May God bless us all.

I am Judas, your brother in Christ.
