---
title: "Align Sincerity of Soul and Free Will"
menu_title: ""
description: "Align Sincerity of Soul and Free Will"
date: 2025-10-12 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Align Sincerity of Soul and Free Will

May 26<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Gibsons Circle of Light, Abbotsford, BC, Canada

Mary received by Maureen Cardoso

My brothers and sisters, I am Mary. I join you as your longings pour out to our Heavenly Father, so that we may grow in this Love, our souls ever expanding in wisdom and God’s Truth, how we help one another, we love one another and we support one another. We are a family and a community whose commonality is Love, and it is Love that reigns above all, bringing about the transformation of the soul.

What a powerful experience it is when you are conscious of your soul's awakening and begin to feel and hear its whispers, to sense and feel the consciousness of your soul, how it guides you, and how you are becoming more of an embodiment of your soul. It is through your sincere desire, your will, that such a transformation can occur, because, as you sincerely desire for God’s Love to come in, there is always a response.

It is good to navigate your life through this feeling of your soul, asking it what it is that it feels about the way you are in your life and what changes it may guide you to make. You must be sincere in your desire to know, to feel, to hear, but also to enact, to align your free will choices to follow this deep wisdom of God’s Truth and guidance that you can perceive through your soul. It takes your practice and effort to align your mental faculties with your soul faculties, in order that your soul may have dominancy and that you are able to walk in your material life as a soul awakened through Divine Love and the embodiment of your divinity evident in your life.

I would say, most importantly, to come to know who you are. You must do this for yourself, not in a way that is to grandstand or to receive accolades from others, but rather to feel good in your own skin about who you are, what you do and what you think. In times when you are not in harmony, feel back into your soul and come to allow the spirit of your soul to inform you what it is truly thinking and feeling that is in harmony with Love and God’s Laws. For as your soul grows in the Divine Love, there is a strength that comes to enact harmoniously within the Laws of Love.

My dear friends, let us feel into the centre of our beings. Let us allow the outpourings, the longings to God, as we prepare to be in silent prayer, receiving the Substance of God, expanding our souls, developing and growing. Let your longings out, dear ones. Release them. Open your soul. Open your heart. Know through your sincerity, your true longings, God is flowing through His Holy Spirit, the Divine Love into your soul.

God bless you mightily in your sincere efforts. I am Mary. God bless you.
