---
title: "Humanity Needs to Learn the Power of Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Humanity Needs to Learn the Power of Love"
date: 2025-03-24 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Humanity Needs to Learn the Power of Love

March 21<sup>st</sup>, 2025

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

…is with you, beloveds. I am Mary. I come to pray with you. I come to bring my love to you. I come because light surrounds you. With this light, you draw the angels close. For God's Hand brings His grace and, with this grace, comes the awakening of your soul.

This is what humanity needs the most at this time, to learn the power of love, the foundations of spirituality and truth. Though humanity continues to worship the mind and the capacities of the mind to know truth, many are missing out from a deeper truth, the truth that God wishes to give to all His children, all who are seeking and all souls who are yearning. This Truth of Love is meant for all. This Truth of Love will not lead humanity into darkness but to light.

My beloveds, are you not seekers of light, seekers of truth? Listen to the longings of your soul, that deep-seated place where you and God may come to know each other with an intensity, an intimacy that is beyond any relationship, for it is purely spiritual and motivated by the soul. In this, truth will come in abundance, will come readily and powerfully.

I ask you, beloved souls, are you listening? Are you seeking? Are you praying? If you are, know that we are close, and that God is close. It is the highest blessing, the greatest love that is given in prayer and supplication, in humility and faith, in desire and effort in prayer. My beloveds, I am with you. Many angels are with you at this moment. We pray for the great gift of His Love. We are in the flow and grace of His Touch. We shall know the power of His Love and know the flow and intention of His Will, that we may all be in harmony in this light, in this truth and in this blessing.

I am here with you. God is here with you. Your angel friends are here and close to you. Take advantage of these moments with sincere and earnest prayer. You shall receive the gift and be uplifted, blessed and healed. All that is not in harmony with God's Love shall fall away from you. You will know the joy, the great joy, that comes with a soul liberated and transformed with the Essence of God.

God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary and I love you so. God bless you all in His Love. In His Love, feel it pouring upon you. Feel it entering into your soul, expanding, healing, bringing the peace and the joy. God bless you. Mary loves you. God bless you.
