---
title: "All that God Has to Give May Be Yours in a Single Moment"
menu_title: ""
description: "All that God Has to Give May Be Yours in a Single Moment"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# All that God Has to Give May Be Yours in a Single Moment

October 18<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my dear friends. I am Orion.

May you seize each day as if it were your last, that your focus and enthusiasm may infuse each day, opening the doors and possibilities that each day has for each of you, for it is desire and enthusiasm and focus that will open these doors. God has all that you require. God will give everything that you need, but you are the gatekeepers of your own soul. You are the ones who may determine the intensity and the span of the blessings that God may give you. Much can be given, so very much. The experience of one day may change the rest of your life, but you determine this, for if you are completely open and enthusiastic and willing, then indeed what might come to you would certainly change your life.

Yet, you restrict these things with a measure of desire and willingness that reflects your condition and reflects your attitude, because you are human and because you live in this human condition. Your pacing is step by step, drop by drop, rather than the onrush of God's Touch, which could be transformative in the moment. My beloved friends, we stand by you. We pray with you. We know what you could receive, for we have received these things. We are patient. We continue to uphold you and support you in the hope that one day that great door of revelation and awakening may come to you in the most glorious way, that you are indeed a changed individual. That in the blessing, the flow, the Touch of God's Hand upon you, even your stubborn mind may melt and be malleable in the Hands of God, so that revelations may indeed flood into your consciousness, uninhibited and fully embraced, that indeed the power of His Love may touch you in such a way that you would be changed forever.

Indeed, all that God has to give may be yours in a moment. This is possible, but it is always determined by you, the intensity of your desire, the expansion and openness of your soul willing to receive, willing to be in alignment with God. It can be given now, or it can wait. God has infinite patience. God will give to you all that you can receive and are willing to embrace. God is the Source of all that is required of the soul and God is the One who nurtures and awakens this part of you. May all that you are be in alignment with this, that you truly are in harmony with God's Will, in harmony with the power of Love, in harmony with the desires of your soul. All is given, my beloved friends. God does not waste a moment, but God gives with every opportunity you make available for God to give to you. May you seek out these blessings with all your heart and mind and soul, all that you are in alignment, in desire of the gifts that God wishes to give.

God bless you, my friends. Orion loves you. This moment, this time, is dedicated for your upliftment and transformation, awakening of your soul. It is given now. God bless you, beloved ones. Orion loves you.
