---
title: "Blessings Increase in Service to God"
menu_title: ""
description: "Blessings Increase in Service to God"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Blessings Increase in Service to God

March 20<sup>th</sup>, 2025

One Nation Circle of Light, Liverpool, NY, USA

Luke received by Elizabeth Mack

Blessings bestowed upon you, dear children of God. I am Luke, Luke the physician. I come with blessings from our Father and so much love for you. You work diligently and consistently to bring forth the Love that is within your souls to be shared with your brothers and sisters upon the Earth. You do this on behalf of God. You are mightily blessed. If you could see your souls, you would be deeply affected.

Yes, we come to surround you and uplift you. We do this, in part, directly for your benefit, and more so because God desires us to do so. Our love for God increases every time we pray to receive His blessing of Divine Love. We in the Celestial Heavens are always praying, always seeking communion with our Father and always seeking to serve Him out of love for Him.

It is our desire to express this Love by manifesting His Will and surrounding His dear children on the Earth, who are indeed working so diligently to help others to transform this world into an Earth that would be enjoyed by your brothers and sisters across the universe. They would come to commune with you, to be with you, to assist you and to teach you.

Dear, true children of God, you are so blessed. I would recommend that you pray to God to understand more fully what this means to be blessed. I am your brother. I will continue to watch over your progress as you progress along your paths in this Love. God bless you. God bless you, dear children, who are true to God and true to your own souls.
