---
title: "The Healing of God’s Grace and Loving Touch"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Healing of God’s Grace and Loving Touch"
date: 2025-07-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Healing of God’s Grace and Loving Touch

July 11<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

Anything that is not of love shall indeed fall away from you, beloved souls. I am Mary. I come on the heels of this beautiful prayer from this beautiful soul (Jen).

You are all beautiful souls. You are all seeking truth and seeking light, seeking to be better, more beautiful in light, expressions of your true self clearly evident and expressed with love, so that others may know that God has touched you, has transformed you and that, in this transformation, you are a willing and beautiful channel for God. You will infect the minds and the hearts of many, my beloveds, as you continue to express this love, to be this light so beautiful in the grace of God.

Be joyful, my beloveds, joyful that you have found the journey toward at-onement with God. You have found the journey toward at-onement with yourself, so that you are whole and complete in love, in light, in who you truly are. Be joyful because you might be a channel of love for another, that in the bounty that God has given you, so it may be expressed through you to many others, to your loved ones, your families and friends and those you meet in your work and your travels.

So many opportunities God gives to you to be that channel of love, that light in the world. Be true to God's Will in this regard. You will find yourself in the midst of joy, in the midst of light, in the midst of love and in the midst of truth. What better place is there to be than in that place so in harmony with the Laws of God's Love, so much in alignment with who and what God is, so much in the light of your own soul shining forth? My beloveds, be true to all that is of light and love, all that is of God. You will know many blessings, much upliftment, solutions to all your dilemmas and harmony in your life. It is all given because love is the most powerful antidote in the universe. It takes away darkness and it brings light.

May you be blessed, my beloveds, in all that is beautiful and of God. May you know the joy of it, the wonderment and the grace. God bless you, my beloveds. I am Mary and I love you. God bless you.
