---
title: "The Spiritual Battle Won"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Spiritual Battle Won"
date: 2025-12-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Spiritual Battle Won

November 10<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Nashville, TN, USA

Judas received by Jimbeau Walsh

May the love of God be upon you. It is I, your brother and friend, Judas.

For those of you who feel you are engaged in a spiritual battle with your own mindset and the world around you, I ask you to consider what I wish to say. It would be a great blessing if one could step outside the struggle of one’s mind, attempting to navigate one’s world, wishing to have the ability to respond in soulful ways rather than impulses and conventional wisdom. While it is necessary to employ the discriminating mind to be able to live and work and interact with the world and one’s family and friends, if one can begin to perceive the life of spirit, without boundaries, without the weight of the world upon one’s shoulders, there is great freedom.

Your prayers are like lines of light extending to the heavenly Father, His great soul responding in kind with the essence of that soul, which is Divine Love and grace. In the stillness of grace, there is a great peace, yes, the one we refer to, as the Master said, that passes human understanding. And one finds oneself opening to this love, letting go of the struggle and being in the flow of grace, all things suddenly conspiring to be in harmony. This is the music of the celestial spheres, where everything vibrates in love. Colors unimaginable to the human psyche.

So, here you are in this world so in need of healing, a world so wrapped up in conventional wisdom, which ironically is often not very wise. The conventional religiosity sidestepping the responsibility of each soul by placing their hopes in the ( false belief of) vicarious atonement of the Master and therefore eventually coming to meet the results of their actions, which each one must bear the responsibility for. And so, one may wonder, how do I tell my friends, my family, my loved ones, my cohorts that there is a world beyond here with many spheres, which is a world of progression towards the fountainhead of God’s love and not simply the black and white of hell and heaven, or even non-existence. You can touch one’s heart by being a light of hope, by gently presenting a simple truth, which is, love heals all wounds. Love brings peace, forgiveness, empathy, kindness, and human understanding.

God’s love, which the soul ultimately seeks, brings transformation, and embraces all of human love, all of the earth, all of the great universe. It is already victorious in the struggle. God’s love has already won the battle. So, my brothers and sisters, as you align yourself in prayer with the Great Being, you can bless the world, having overcome it. You can bring those along, so in need and so bereft of light and hope, by just simply being in the love. Allow your souls to reach to the Great Soul. Be in the stillness of His grace and peace. Be at one in the love of God. I can wish you no greater gift, and I shall step back in this blessing and in the company of so many who are in the love of God with you. May God bless you.

I am Judas.
