---
title: "It is Time for the Truth to be Known in the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "It is Time for the Truth to be Known in the World"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# It is Time for the Truth to be Known in the World

November 14<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Happy Days Farm Retreat, Dallas, UR, USA

Jesus received by Al Fike

May the blessings of the Holy Spirit be upon you, my beloveds. I come. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. I come to be with you in prayer.

You build a light here, a beautiful light. Your efforts do not go unnoticed. There are many spirits who gather around, curious, seeking and yearning for comfort and peace. You are the catalyst, beloved souls, to bring these blessings to these lost souls. You are protected as well as you continue to seek the Father's Love in all its glory. You are a light and shall be a light. It shall bring much comfort to your world and to mine. As your light persists, as your desires and your prayers continue to reach the Heavenly Father, so you will find yourself emboldened in love, light and truth, speaking of these things, being a channel of Love, expressing these things in all its beauty.

Beloved children of God, each of you carries many gifts that you are not at this time aware, nor do you express to any great degree. Yet, you must see yourselves as the conduit that you are, the beautiful, gifted children that you are, a soul resplendent in Love, so that these things within may come forth and be expressed in the world. As you do so, you add a solidity to them, a blessing that is felt by those who inhabit the material plane. As you do so more consistently and with great faith, as you grow in the Father's Love, these gifts will establish themselves and be expressed more fully as you walk upon the Earth. This is God's desire for you and His plan for you, to express all the potential, the beautiful aspects of your soul coming alive and expressed and demonstrated in all their beauty and all their power and glory to uphold humanity, to uphold one another, to be truly God's instruments in the world.

You know this can be done. You have known of my example and my ministry. It is time for the words of truth, the expression of truth, the demonstration of truth, to be known in the world where there is great need and there is little time before the conditions will be such that you will not have the opportunity to travel as you do and to be that instrument as you are. Think of this, my beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters. Think of what you can do in the world. Think of how you can be in the world. Think of what God wants of you in the world. In this, be true to your soul’s capacities, desires, and gifts to be expressed for the benefit of your brothers and sisters.

There is much work to do, my beloveds, and so little time. We hope that as you come together in this way, you may come to realise that there is great potential within each one of you, beautiful blessings and gifts. It is time to acknowledge and recognise those things and to seek the guidance of God, so that you may be in the right place at the right time, that you may reach the longing souls, the needy souls, that you may bring light when there is darkness. There is much to do, my beloveds. Do not squander the time that you have but be penitent and prayerful and express yourselves in all the beautiful ways that are waiting for that expression, that true commitment to be God's children and servants, harbingers of truth.

God bless you, my beloveds. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. I come to encourage you. My fervent hope is that many souls may be saved from great pain and a great struggle by your efforts, by your ministrations, by your light and your examples. I love you, my beloveds. We work together. I want you to be that beautiful instrument, so that we may indeed ride along that pathway of service with ease and with intensity and integrity. For much is needed, my beloveds, much to do, many, many souls to minister to. God bless you, beloved souls. I love you dearly. We are as one in this work, and you are my disciples. God bless you. God bless you, my beloveds. I love you.
