---
title: "Navigating the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Navigating the World"
date: 2025-10-25 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Navigating the World

October 20<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Nashville, TN, USA

Judas received by Jimbeau Walsh

May the love of God be upon you all and in your souls. It is I, your brother, Judas.

I wish to speak about a subject that weighs on so many who are pursuing this path of divine love, and that is how one navigates the world while wishing to transcend it, for the weight of the world is great. My fellow apostles and I were not apolitical. In fact, as you may have been informed, some of us were hoping for a revolution. We were considered zealots, and at times, we thought Jesus would lead us to this place of freedom, overcoming the Romans. But it became apparent at some point that the path of God’s love, the path of loving your enemies, forgiving those who hate you, even those who may take your life, that path required a great amount of God’s love. Now, I myself did not quite get there, as you know, but I was in awe of the Master’s power. Yet, those who stayed on and became infilled with the love of God courageously walked the earth with the love of God in their souls. Although you may say, well, so many suffered martyrdoms at the hands of the Romans and their allies, and those who refused to believe and could not see the light. Yet there is a great truth in overcoming the darkness and the fact that here, centuries beyond, this truth of God’s love is still alive.

You have been told you are the harbingers of the new age. An age where there is oneness, in God’s love, in humanity, embracing each soul, each life as precious. On this path, deep prayer is required. Go to this place of grace. Let go of old issues, of those things that no longer serve your walk. The love of God is required to dissolve those walls, those barriers, to open those closed fists, those gritted teeth, those long-held beliefs, grudges, for they do not fade easily, but they will, as you align your soul with the will of God and receive this gift, evermore beautifully, infilling your souls. When you truly feel this love, all those barriers are lifted. You begin to release these long-held issues. You free your mind, and you free your soul.

We have spoken of this forgetfulness and forgiveness many times, and I have said one does not truly forget their past, but one moves beyond it and no longer dwells in the emotion, in the sadness, in the anger, in the unforgiveness, but now in the embrace, the great embrace, of this love.

Trust in God. Trust in your journey. Have faith that your prayers will carry you. Again, I remind you, pray and call on us. We are often, as you would say, waiting in the wings to lift you up, to guide you, to pray with you, and to play with you. Be not troubled. Allow this great love to permeate your being.

I thank you all for your beautiful circle, your beautiful prayers, your beautiful songs, and above all, your beautiful souls. You are loved. I am your brother and friend. I am Judas. Go in the love of God and bless everyone.
