---
title: "Blessings of Peace to Open Happy Days Farm Retreat"
menu_title: ""
description: "Blessings of Peace to Open Happy Days Farm Retreat"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Blessings of Peace to Open Happy Days Farm Retreat

November 14<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Happy Days Farm Retreat, Dallas, UR, USA

Mary received by Al Fike

May the blessings of the Father's Love be with you. I am Mary. I come to be with you, these beautiful souls dedicated to the blessings of the Father's Love. I come to bring peace and light. I come as God's instrument to nurture and to uphold. Each of you are in need of healing, a deep peace to enter therein, that you may release the conditions of this world and come into harmony together in the flow of God's blessings and Love upon you, in the Light that will be shed and absorbed by God's great Holy Spirit.

My beloveds, you are in need of nurturance, of upliftment, of all that is of God, for this world impinges upon you its conditions. This place, designated for your gathering, allows for much healing and peace to come. Take full advantage of the blessings and resources that are here for your benefit. For we all gather together, my beloveds. We from the Celestial Kingdom, the bright spirits, even your stellar friends come to help bring greater blessings and greater benefits to this place, to those who dwell upon it and for all of you who come, blessings of love, blessings of peace, given to you freely and abundantly from our Heavenly Father who loves you so. We are happy that you have gathered and we are with you every moment as you continue to honour the time you have together, to love one another and to truly be in alignment with God.

Blessings to you, my beloveds. I am Mary and I love you. Oh, how I love you. Beautiful children of God, beautiful brothers and sisters who seek to grow in the Father's Love, their souls expanding with light. There are beautiful gifts expressed. God bless you, beloveds, God bless you.
