---
title: "Guidance For Beginning Your Ministries"
menu_title: ""
description: "Guidance For Beginning Your Ministries"
date: 2025-06-28 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Guidance For Beginning Your Ministries

April 26<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Running Springs Retreat, Running Springs, CA, USA

Mary received by Elizabeth Mack

Your love for the Father has brought me here. Your love for each other, as strong as is your faith. You are blessed and will continue to be blessed mightily. Although your paths may diverge in the not too distant future, you will be brought together again, for your love for each other, for God and for the children upon this Earth is strong.

I am with you today and will be with you always, for your goals are in alignment with the Father's Will, as are my goals and all of the Celestial Angels who are here now. We are here to prepare you for your work ahead. This is, in part, your purpose here this weekend. Each of you has a role in building this kingdom upon this Earth, vital, important and true. This is the blessing the Father bestows upon each one of you. Embrace it, fulfill it, and your Father will guide you.

You are already blessed so much and so clearly. You may trust in what your souls are telling you. Trust in the Love that is within you. Trust in the Father's Will for you. You will begin your ministries on this day. You will walk in the Garden of Love forever.

God bless you. Be true to yourselves, the Love in your souls, and you will be true to God. I am your sister, Mary, and my love is with you, each one, deeply.
