---
title: "When the Soul is engaged with the Love of God, all Things are possible"
menu_title: ""
description: "When the Soul is engaged with the Love of God, all Things are possible"
date: 2025-10-25 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# When the Soul is engaged with the Love of God, all Things are possible

October 6<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Nashville, TN, USA

Paul received by Jimbeau Walsh

Beloved brothers and sisters, it is I, Paul. May the love of God be upon you and in you.

Those who know my story are aware of the fact that I went from being part of the problem to preaching the solution and carrying the love of God in my soul to the world. Of course, I did not do this perfectly or without error, but as I have said, when one carries the love of God to the world, you carry something beyond limitation, beyond dogmatic belief. Of course, no one gets it perfectly right, and yet one can walk in truth. That truth being God’s love for all His children. That truth being true prayer, brings the love into each soul along with guidance.

So, each day, as you pray and you open to guidance, your walk falls into harmony with the great will of God, and rather than it being something you lose, it is the alignment of your soul with the great Being (gained), and the great Being is love. For has it not been said you should follow your heart, meaning your heart seeks love, and when it is drawn to love and feels love without confusion, it is in a state of being that is an earthly reflection of the harmony of heaven.

When the soul is engaged with the love of God, all things are possible. Whatever impediments were perceived by the mind are overcome by an awakened soul, walking in the love of God.

In this time of great change, we encourage you to deep prayer. Draw us near, that we may guide you on your walk, for we walk in the love of God, and we come when you call. Give your lives time to allow your longings, your deep longings, to reach the soul of God.

We provide you with safety. We protect you as best we can, and we will lead you through these times ahead if you ask. I do not wish to explore every minutia, every possibility with some great analysis of how things work, but rather point you in the direction, the direction that leads to at-onement with God, where all things are already in harmony; All things already working to awaken each soul.

There is great joy to be had. There is much humor to be restored as each one of you dear souls becomes a light unto God, shining your light upon this world. Have faith. Walk in this love. Let your prayers be deep. Let the answers be filled with blessings and clarity, and joy. Take heart, for God loves us so. I thank you, and I shall step back and join all of you beautiful souls in this circle of love, this circle of light. May God bless us all. I am your brother in Christ.

I am Paul. Go in peace.
