---
title: "We Are With You as You Climb the Mountain of Truth"
menu_title: ""
description: "We Are With You as You Climb the Mountain of Truth"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# We Are With You as You Climb the Mountain of Truth

October 28<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. It is refreshing to see you all so intent in your prayers and desires for the highest, the blessings of Love from the Creator of the universe, the awakening of your soul that is so filled with potential and gifts yet to be discovered. On my planet, such things, such desires, are in the air. They are a natural part of life that we exist and enjoy within. Here, it is a struggle. Here, the environment does not nurture such things. You have my admiration and my love, for I see the struggles. I see the contrariness of your efforts in a world whose interaction and dialogue suggests self-empowerment, fear and desires for things of the material, pleasures of the flesh, all those things that are truly human on your planet.

Yet, you wish to go a different way, follow a different current, a current that you know and feel is in greater harmony with truth and with love. Thus, you attract us and many others. We walk with you as you make your way up this great hill, this great incline that requires effort, focus and commitment to make. We are with you. Many are with you. Do not underestimate the tenacity and strength within you, for each one has been strong enough to make it thus far and the beginning of the climb is often the most challenging. For a part of you is also contrary to these efforts, that mindfulness that has been garnered over years of being engaged in the human condition makes the climb difficult. You are weighted down by these conditions and these thoughts and biases. You are fearful of the outcomes. Yet, within you is a strength and desire and tenacity that urges you forward, because you know this is your destiny. This is the road that you are meant to take. This is the road that God has pointed to you and said, *“Follow this way, for I will be with you as you climb this road toward higher consciousness and love and awakening of the soul.”*

We are with you and we will not leave. Indeed, we embrace you as a brother and sister upon a road that may seem less travelled on your world, but in ours, is travelled by all. To find kinship in such a different place is a wonderful blessing and surprise. It encourages us to make those efforts, that commitment toward you in love, to help you and support you, for we have been where you are going and we know the vast rewards of the journey. Our desire is that you will reap the rewards of this journey and this struggle. We are with you and we love you dearly, my friends. The climb will get easier as you are conditioned and strengthened by your efforts and prayers. Though the steepness will not diminish, the capacity to climb will strengthen and grow within you. In time, you will run swiftly up that mountain and feel the headiness of the air around you and the view of truth that you gleaned from your heights.

My beloveds, continue. Make your efforts daily and think of this as the climb of your life. It is certainly the most important thing you may do in your life. It is important not only for you, but for those around you. For in time, they will see how you have changed and grown, how the Love that you carry and express helps and uplifts those around you. They will grow to appreciate this and love you for it. In this, you may tell them about the journey that all may take. Though it may be arduous, it is rewarding. Though it may be confusing to the mind, it is most assuredly known and desired by the soul. It is the soul that carries on, is it not? Those mental machinations are fleeting and yet the strength and awakening of the soul, its transformation in Love, is forever and will carry you along the eternal journey.

As you add to this, the journey becomes obvious and sure in its direction. Joy wells up within the soul, knowing that you are truly upon a path that is like none other, fulfilling, beautiful and joyful, bringing truth and insight and perceptions, bringing the experience of God closer and closer. Your insight and perceptions of we who assist you, your angel friends who are close to you, these things will grow and they will feel and be understood as your true friends, your true companions along the road.

So much awaits you, my friends. I know this has been said so many times. Yet, what is yours, close to your grasp, is waiting for that next step, that effort taken so that you may embrace greater truth, greater love, greater insight and the most astounding experiences that the soul may garner through its journey toward God. It all waits for you, my friends. It is given in love in so many ways. It shall be yours for the choosing, expression of your deep desires and the acceptance of your mind to embrace and to be enfolded in this truth, in this Love, in these experiences. May you truly be fulfilled in this way, for there is nothing that compares, my beloved friends. Nothing that shall create within you a solidity, a strength, a knowledge and a joy that is this Love, this wondrous Love of God. Seek it out. Be true to your soul's desires and all will unfold in the harmony of God's plan and desire for you.

God bless you, my friends. Orion loves you and is with you every step, every footfall, every time you inch higher and closer to the pinnacle of truth. God bless you, my friends. God bless you in Love.
