---
title: "The Timing of Manifestations Will Be Perfect in God's Plan"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Timing of Manifestations Will Be Perfect in God's Plan"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Timing of Manifestations Will Be Perfect in God's Plan

October 11<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. I wish to elaborate on how and when these manifestations might take place. I know you all anticipate this event. You desire it deeply. You have, at times, imagined what it might look like and where it might happen. Most of your imaginings are mental extrapolations of what this is, but they are reasonable and they have an element of truth to them. Yet, the time and place where manifestation may take place cannot truly be anticipated.

When that door opens, it must remain open. These manifestations must be consistent and fluid in their expression, no matter the conditions that the individual encounters. The pressure, shall we say, that builds to create these manifestations continues to exert its influence and affect your desires for these things to take place. Yet, these conditions must be in harmony with the Will of God, in harmony with your will and in harmony with our efforts as well. This alignment must take place. Indeed, we cannot predict, nor can you, when this will happen because of the variables that are part of this expression, that are influenced by free will and the earthly conditions.

I would put aside any speculation. Rather, you sit together in this Circle of Light in anticipation of further development and growth of the soul, which indeed are the keys to the expression of Direct Voice. This is where your desires and minds’ and souls' efforts should rest. When the time comes, that time that is anticipated, you will be surprised. It will not be conditions and circumstances that you would anticipate. Rather, these things are a part of God's plan to bring humanity into the fold of truth, understanding the power of their own souls, its beauty and capacities to bring harmony into one's life and into the world. The capacity for Direct Voice is inherent within each one of you and many others, but its expression as a gift to humanity is determined by many factors that will bring about materialisation of us and your angel friends and bright spirits, even those souls that inhabit lower spheres but may have an influence on those they speak to.

There is a great plan afoot and many are involved in this. Many are eager to be a part of it. We wait, my beloved friends, for that perfect time where the doors and floodgates will open and will not be shut again, but will continue to make for more powerful and more effective manifestations that will help convince the world of many things, most importantly, that life certainly does continue after death. The other great Truth is that of receiving Divine Love to develop the soul and the many truths that exist in the universe of which humanity is ignorant.

Yes, there are many things to be shared, much to be given, yet ears must be open and minds must be open to these things. In a world such as yours, where many things are fabricated, many images created by your technologies, by individuals who have ulterior motives and the many conditions that determine what is expressed in your conduits of communication, what you have to offer will often not be believed because of these conditions and situations. Thus, the need to know, to be open and to be educated must be great in order for humanity to be receptive. Thus, the changing conditions of the world will continue to contribute to this need and this openness, where humanity will put aside that skepticism and will feel within their hearts the truth that is being offered, the blessings and manifestations that will be given to help soothe a skeptical mind and open the heart that is often closed.

Yes, we have our plans in place. You continue to be open, receptive and diligent in your efforts to foster these plans and to bring about what you call Direct Voice. You understand the need to develop your soul and that way of development is clear. We continue in our efforts to help you become that beautiful light and to prepare you for what is to come. For one might think that the road will be easy and open, but once manifestation occurs, in fact, it will be the opposite. There will be great challenges and you will be challenged by many. Even the proof that is before their eyes will be denigrated by those who are resistant and dark forces who wish to remove you from this position of authority and expression of truth will be very disruptive indeed. Yet, there will be many, many millions who will benefit from this gift. Despite the counter-current of darkness, the desires of the simple souls, the needy souls, the lost souls, will far outweigh the efforts of the dark forces that would put out your light. Thus, you must be strong, ready and prepared. The truth that you have to offer, which will be far more effective than the initial expression of manifestation, must be clear, pure and effective in its expression.

We do not wish for those of you who are curious of the mind to waver into concepts and ideas that detract from or distract from the main message. For as you well know, without the foundation of the simple Truth of Divine Love, nothing else will be clear, nor will it be effective in terms of teaching spiritual truth. You must teach the foundation first and foremost and be ready to do so without hesitation, without the suggestion that there are elements within your life that hold you from this goal. Strong and pure dedication to this purpose is required if each of you are to progress upon this path of service, this unique path, this unusual path.

So much will be required of you, my beloved friends. You cannot falter or hesitate, but be strong in the truth and be willing to be guided, open to God's Will, open to the guidance we will share. As you grow in strength, as you continue to realise the immensity of this venture that we have all taken on together, then the need for your complete dedication will become obvious. Yes, my beloved friends, there is much to do and a continued road of development and growth of the soul, but you persist and you plod along this path. You pray, you seek and ruminate, you wonder. So it is with the human condition, with human beings. It is not a direct path, but one that meanders, one that is inconsistent. Yet, the strength builds and the conditions continue to improve. You will find your way, my beloved friends, to continue to awaken within your soul. This is the most important thing you might do at this time. That is to nurture your soul, to acknowledge your soul, to utilise the faculties and gifts of your soul, to be in greater alignment with this Divine plan, with all of us who are involved.

May you continue to awaken, my beloved friends. Do not worry about the wherefores and the whys of Direct Voice, but be very concerned about what is within you, internally, within your soul and within the alignment between your minds and souls, so that you are truly a conduit for God, a servant for humanity, a true instrument that will become a vital part of God's plan to bring humanity to truth and light harmony. My beloved friends, we remain steadfast by your side, assisting you where we can. May you be open and receptive to what is given by God to all of you. Be humble, persistent. May your desires and intentions be in harmony with the Will of God and the needs of your soul. In this way, we will continue in our progress and be truly in alignment with God's Will.

God bless you, my beloved friends. I am Orion. Indeed, I have probably created more questions within your minds than answers, but this is the way of the soul and its journey. The mind has great trouble understanding it and truly knowing it. You will continue with your dilemmas and questions, finding your way. As you find your way to your soul, it will answer these things with great clarity and precision. God bless you, beloved souls. Orion loves you. God bless you.
