---
title: "Loyalty to Truth: Serving God with Strength and Tenacity"
menu_title: ""
description: "Loyalty to Truth: Serving God with Strength and Tenacity"
date: 2025-12-17 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Loyalty to Truth: Serving God with Strength and Tenacity

November 18<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Peter received by Al Fike

May the blessings of the Father's Love be yours, my friends. I am Peter, known as Peter the Rock by our beloved Master. Indeed, I exhibited the qualities of love and loyalty, a tenacity for the truth that I learned from our beloved Master. Between my brother Andrew and myself, we became stalwart friends and servants of our beloved Jesus, as you call him.

My friends, are you stalwart and loyal to the truth that you know? If you are, do you express this in your daily life? Do you exhibit this light of truth to all you meet? Are you one of Jesus's disciples in the world? For if you take this truth and are casual in your commitment to it, rather than be expressive and live it with every aspect of your life, then how can you be the teacher, the instrument of God? You must be strong. You, in your own way, must express these truths as best you can.

This is not a casual matter, my friends. This is a crucial matter, to be that instrument in the world for God will not only lay the foundation for others, but will lay the foundation for your own reward that will come when you pass into the spirit world. Do you need to accumulate wealth and fame and all things of the human condition that seem to the mind important, or are you a true servant of God, exhibiting humility and grace, exhibiting love and truth, these things shining forth the blessing of light that is your being, your true self, acknowledging the path that God has set before you? 
When you can be that true and faithful servant of God, then all possibilities, all opportunities to serve God, will be set before you and laid at your feet. When you choose to walk that road and to be that beautiful servant in light, then you will draw us close, very close indeed, for the power of that choice, the power of that desire, the power of that prayer, the power of that expression of God's Will through you will draw a multitude of angels by your side. The work that God may designate for you will be clear, true and powerful, creating change in the world, bringing truth to the ears of those who are willing to listen, demonstrating truth to the eyes of those who are willing to see. All that you are will be that expression of truth and the loyalty of your road of service will not only be felt by those around you, but will be remembered for generations to come. For when service is true and that service is predicated upon the foundation of God's Love and that Truth, then it has a lasting effect in the world. It is not forgotten. It is not put aside. It is permanent in its effects in how it will influence the journey of many. That journey of many will influence the course and expression of the world, bringing it closer to God, bringing it into greater light and greater harmony.

Of course, every footfall is your choice, every expression is of your doing. God has given you the gift of free will. As you make your choices, may they be in alignment with God's Will and God's desire to utilise you as His servants. We followed the Master along the road as far as we could take it. When he met his untimely death, we continued and we upheld the truth that he gave us. Indeed, our history, our journey has been mentioned in  the Bible and other books of history. We were recognised, not because we were someone special, but because we were someone with tenacity, loyalty and the strength to demonstrate the truth. God wants this of you, my beloved friends. God wants you to work for His cause, purpose and plan. It will be given to you clearly if you are open to it. If you desire it, it will be given.

Seek for the highest, my friends. Seek that your soul may be opened and transformed with the Father's Love. All the rest will follow. Follow in the stead of your loyalty, your tenacity and your commitment to the truth. Be that soul that carries the Truth of God's Love wherever you go. Do not hide your light, but show it. Show it with a faith, tenacity and joy that truly is a reflection of that gift in your soul, shining forth and determining every step with every breath.

May God bless you, my friends. I am Peter. I wish to encourage you along the road of service. The time grows short and much is needed in your world. Indeed, for those who are strong enough, those who are bright enough, those who are truly in alignment with God, there is much work to do and many souls to meet. God bless you, beloved souls. Peter loves you. I am one of many who gather around you in your times of prayer, your times of service. Every moment of your life we are with you, so you are never alone. Indeed, the blessings flow in accordance to your desire and openness to receive. God bless you, my friends, in the Love of God, that rock that is within your soul, that is steady and steadfast. God bless you.
