---
title: "Q&A"
menu_title: ""
description: "Q&A"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Q&A

November 15<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Happy Days Farm Retreat, Dallas, UR, USA

Orion received by Al Fike

**Orion:** Greetings to you, my friends. I am Orion. Yes, I have come to answer your questions, as I promised to do. I am happy to receive your questions. I was with you when you were formulating your questions and some of these questions gave me some amusement. Humanity is such a curious creature and so different in their demeanour than our planet, because your propensity is to bring everything down to a material level. Your condition on Earth is so dense and buried in material, the way in which you relate to your life, the creation of this planet and all within is often seen primarily from the five senses in the mind and not so often seen from the senses of the soul.

I hope that I may convey answers that will bring you deeper into your soul and deeper into your possibility of understanding life from the soul perspective. Shall we begin?

**Question:** *Orion, could you please elaborate on the grid lines on this property and their purpose?*

**Orion:** The grid lines that have been created here have specifically to do with the chemical makeup of the soil, the spiritual makeup of the area and all that is unseen and yet so very important to maintain the vitality and light that exists here. These grid lines are buried approximately six inches below the surface of the soil. They are not material as you know material, although they have a material component. They are more “etheric,” which would be your description of it, and pulsing energy flows through it. There are components of colour and texture that are a part of these grid lines. They crisscross one another within a one-metre square and they are throughout the entire property.

It took a number of weeks for us to accomplish this, although I did not do this specifically. There are others that are more adept at this kind of technological enhancement of your Earth. It serves a number of purposes. We can communicate more readily with those on this property. We can bring blessings, as you would call them, “energies,” enhancements for those who are here, as are you, my beloved friends. Indeed, as you pray together in this way, and we would encourage this to be done often. As we can utilise what has been laid out within the property, “supplanted,” if you will, to assist you in your development.

It also will assist in the creation of your gardens and the fruits and vegetables that come with this. There are many applications, some of which are too early in the day of your development to really go into detail. In time, you will come to know these enhancements well and work with them in harmony and with joy. For it is a gift, a gift that we have given the dear daughter and her mate to help them in their work. For they have signed on to this great work and somewhat challenging work, and their souls are eager to fulfil their destiny and purpose. They are a part of this.

You as well, my beloved friends, are a part of this. I would urge you to keep this place and these dear souls in your prayers and to offer up whatever help you may give, whatever assistance, even material assistance that you may give. In this way, you help to strengthen the bonds between you and the purpose that is designated for this beautiful place. I hope this has answered your questions.

**Question:** *Are we damaging the grid lines by tilling the soil deeper than that or driving posts into it? What can we do to protect them, utilise them?*

**Orion:** Again, you look at things from a very material perspective. Indeed, these elements are not so much of a material origin, so no, you cannot damage them. You may only damage them through negative thoughts and through neglecting to pray for the enhancement and vitalisation of this grid. So I would urge you to keep it in your consciousness that this exists. Imagine it and think of how you might contribute to it.

It is throughout the woods as well, the entire property.

**Question:** *Thank you very much for that gift, Orion. Would portals of light be one and the same, working with the grids that you are putting through the property?*

**Orion:** No, they are very different indeed. Yet, there is a portal of light here with this home and it has a specific function. Of course, everything that is applied or installed within this property will be harmonious and have a certain level of inter-functionality and contribution.

**Question:** *Could you talk about your physical nourishment on your planet? The second part of that question is, how will we feed ourselves during disruptions, during Earth changes?*

**Orion:** I am not sure what detail you want me to go into in terms of the food that we consume and how we do so, but I will make it very simple and say that what grows on our planet, and we are what you would call vegetarian, is rather different from what grows on yours. We consume as you do. We have a mouth and capacity to chew and to swallow and to digest, but these things are not as fully utilised as with you. For the amount that you consume is astonishing.

I saw your breakfast and I am astonished how much you may consume in one sitting. We may consume something every two or three days, maybe one item, one vegetable, one fruit. Our bodies, like your bodies, guide us and indicate to us when there is hunger and a need. Also, because of the attunement we have with our bodies, we know exactly what the body requires, so we do not overindulge, nor do we underindulge. We are in a level of harmony with our bodies that what we consume does not damage it, nor does it overtax it.

We consume much water. This is the lifeblood of the body, as it is for you. That water is full of minerals and even energies that are most beneficial. Indeed, I would suggest that if there is a well upon this property, that we may enhance the water derived from that well to help you as well. These things are readily available to us and we can make these things readily available to you.

In terms of your own consumption, the addictions that you carry toward certain foods are extreme. Indeed, this lessens your age span and the health that you have. Though your bodies are quite resilient and indeed they do utilise the nutrients that you put within them, there are deficiencies in every one of you in terms of what is required for a healthy body. This is inevitable given the environment that you live in. I would urge you to ask your body what it is that your body desires in terms of its needs, not its wants.

For much of the wants that you have come from the mind and the chemistry that you are used to encouraging and creating through your diet. It is important to understand that the excesses of your culture, the way that you supplement and ameliorate the stresses and worries and the cares of the mind, is through the chemistry that you ingest into the body. You have cravings. For this individual that I speak through, his addiction to sugar is most alarming. I would encourage him to stop if he is to carry on in his physical body for any length of time beyond this period. It is not that his condition is extreme and very worrisome at the moment, but the accumulation of this wanton ignorance and ignoring of certain conditions will have its consequences. I only say this as an example and he is well aware of the choices he is making.

This too astounds us, that each and every one of you make very poor choices at times and yet you continue to do so. The habits that you form and what you call “addictions” come in many forms, in many ways. It is unfortunate. Because the damage that you do to yourself far outweighs the benefits that you may derive for the moment. Food is a very important part of your culture. Indeed, as long as your souls are not so well developed and the joy that comes with this development of soul and the consciousness that is derived from it continues to be somewhat mild and erratic, then the predominance of the mindful needs and desires will continue and you will have your struggles. You will have your challenges because of this.

It is unfortunate. It is easy for us to look upon you from an environment and from a condition that is so much more refined than your own. We do not pass judgement. We merely observe and are often perplexed by the choices that you make. Yet, when one looks at your culture as a whole, it is obvious why these choices are made. You must not forget that the currents of thought that permeate this world have a part to play in the choices that you make. There are many dynamics involved in your consumption of food and your habits toward health. It would take a book to list all these conditions and elements and we will not go further at this time.

**Question:** *Thank you very much for helping us realise that we can open up for guidance and find these answers through prayer. What can we actively do to support the power points on this property?*

**Orion:** You already make the assumption that prayer is important and surely it is very important. For this allows you and helps you to connect with your soul and your spirit in such a way that you may be readily guided. You may be impressed upon and inspired to do, to act in a certain way and to do certain things, to assist in this rather unusual project and experiment that is this place. I say to you, my friends, to be open and receptive. There is not one specific thing other than prayer, but there are many things that you may be guided to do that are a part of the program that we have established here.

Indeed, we always require a physical partner to establish various things that help to ameliorate conditions that have built in this world and in this place over a certain period of time. As you go about your business and work on the property and sow your seeds and make your gardens, etc., and enhance your home, all of these things that in love help to make for a harmonious condition. There will be more things to do. There are always more things to do, although we do not intend to tax these two dear souls in this regard, but indeed, inspiration will come. With that inspiration comes the desire and what you call the energy to make it happen.

This will flow and come about in all its wondrous ways and all its variety of ways. The gifts that are within each of these two individuals and those who come to visit will be applied for the benefit of this property. In terms of the spiritual elements, this is our matter and our responsibility. We merely ask that you keep us in mind and invite us, welcome us and have faith that what we are doing and what we do together will be for the benefit of all.

More will manifest in the future, much more. Indeed, this will be a place, a sanctuary and a great draw to curiosity seekers and to spiritual seekers, for things will manifest here that do not manifest elsewhere. We are continuing to develop these things, and you are continuing to help us to develop these things. It is wonderful that you are all together today to help in this regard. There will be other gatherings and other times, other individuals who will come to you, even those who come who are totally unaware of their instrumentality, their contribution to this place.

Much has been planned and much will continue to be planned for the future of this beautiful sanctuary. I hope this has answered your question.

**Question:** *Are there other Circles of Light on our planet? Should we support them with our prayers, specifically, help these centres?*

**Orion:** Well, we have talked of the network of light that is being developed, the Lattice of Light, as it has been called. Indeed, it grows and continues to grow. Do you not think that the individuals who are working for the benefit of the planet and working as a channel, an instrument for God, are not connected to these interconnected lights? Of course they are. As you pray, you add your vitality to the lattice.

Indeed, you can pray that this vitality and these blessings may flow out to many in the world. This instrumentality, this mechanism, is very well suited for that. Indeed, there are many involved, many more than hundreds, not a million, but there are many thousands. Many of these individuals have no idea of their involvement. Some do and indeed they have certain perspectives, biases and ideas that somewhat inhibit their instrumentality, but not altogether. They too are included.

There are the rare few, such as yourself, who are quite cognisant of what is happening and quite in alignment with who we are and what we do. Our souls and your souls are bright with Divine Laws and so it makes for a very cohesive collaboration between us. As you spread this truth to others, then they too will be included in this great Lattice of Light. As those who are seeking and continue to grow and have insights, in time they will understand and they will come to know in a conscious way what it is that they are doing.

Your prayers are important, my beloved friends. They are needed. Your efforts and actions are needed to help sustain this great Lattice of Light, to help connect with others. In order to do so, you must be aware. You must be inspired. You must be willing. You must step forward. You must have the desire and the intention to connect with these individuals and to truly be a light and to truly express the love within your soul toward them and toward all in the world.

Indeed, it is a massive project and it is still underway and somewhat young in its establishment. There is much work to do, as I have said over and over again. The work continues. The work requires your focus, your efforts, your desire to be a part of it. In this the Lattice of Light will grow. The work that you do will expand and the gifts that you possess will open and be utilised in many different ways.

You only see yourself in a particular way, limited, like a horse with blinders. You walk forward. You are able to see and to be motivated to step forward each and every day, but there are many subtleties, much on the peripheral, much within you that you do not yet understand, nor, because of the biases that you carry, are you able to open yourself to them. Because your mind is so fixated on certain things, you are unable to release those expectations and allow the Will of God to fully, beautifully and powerfully be infused within your consciousness each and every moment.

When this can be accomplished, then what you can do to contribute to the Lattice of Light, to contribute to the world, will be tremendous and varied in scope, will be deep and resonant, will be beautiful and filled with light, truth and love. This is what we wish of you, my beloved friends, and this is what you are all eagerly stepping toward.

**Question:** *How many Centres of Light are on Earth at this time?*

**Orion:** When you refer to Centres of Light, I believe you are referring to areas where light exists. Some are waiting to be connected.

**Question:** *We are specifically connecting it to the project here at Happy Days Farm, where there is this Centre of Light being established here with your help and others that are creating this space to be a sanctuary. Are there any organised groups anywhere else in the world doing such a thing?*

**Orion:** Well, as I was saying, these places are being established. They will all be unique. They will have a unique purpose. This place is a unique place. There will not be another place like it in the world. The other places that are being established and have been established will be unique in their own right.

This instrument is the guardian of one such place. There are other places that are on your continent. Some have been established well and others are in the process of being established. Every continent upon the planet has the Centres of Light. This instrument suggests there will be 24. There will be 24 Centres of Light that are focused upon Divine Love, but there will be other Centres of Light that are focused on what you call natural love and the expression, establishment and teaching of that in the world. There will be many more because, as you are well aware, the natural love consciousness is far more established in your world than is the Divine Love consciousness, but there will be interactions and interplay between these Centres of Light. Eventually, there will be hundreds of them and they will be utilised as a network that will sustain the new world that is coming.

I know in your mind you have an idea of what the new world is, what it will be. Your desire is that it will be fully in alignment with Divine Love consciousness. To a degree, it will be, but that consciousness will take much time to truly be established around the world. The consciousness of the natural love is more readily accessible to individuals because they are operating from a mindful perspective. Your duty and your opportunity to serve is to teach the awakening of the soul and the capacities of the soul.

This is God’s eventual plan upon this planet, to have that consciousness predominant and expressed. In time, a planet like our own, where there is such love and harmony and consciousness of love, that there will be none other than that. This will not happen overnight. As you clearly see in the history of your planet, it has taken aeons of time to get to this place. This place is not a particularly developed or enlightened place in the consciousness of humanity. It is a place overrun with materialism and technologies that reflect materialism and the desire to add to the fleshy hunger and desires that bring satisfaction to the material. It is very unfortunate indeed and we have gone into great detail as to why this is so unfortunate, so I will not go into those sorts of details. I say that indeed there will be Centres of Light established. If you wish a number, those that are well established at this point, there are three and there are two that are close to being established. There are a number that are being built and the work is being done in a subliminal way, but will come to the consciousness of those who are involved in time.

Indeed, it is a hard-won process and requires much effort. If you were aware of the effort that we make, the time that we spend, not just us, of course, but all of us who are collaborating, you would be astounded at the great efforts. Of course, we are trying to save your world. We are trying to bring your world back into harmony and balance. We are trying to bring humanity back to harmony and balance. It is a tremendous task, for every soul is involved and there are billions of you. We are making great effort and great strides. We are hoping that we will beat the clock, as you would say, that timeline that is the upheavals and changes that are coming in your world. You are already witnessing some of these things. The intensity of the rain, the intensity of many elements of the Earth, is continuing to grow.

We indeed have a race against time and we are working diligently to help bring that harmony and peace back to the world. This, as you know, is God’s plan. We seek to know in our daily efforts what that plan entails. I urge you, each one of you, to seek to know what your daily efforts will accomplish to bring about that plan, the fruition of it.

**Question:** *Can I ask you about the Alliance of Light, that we call it? Is your group, that we consider the Alliance of Light, the Celestial Angels, bright spirits and our stellar brothers and sisters, working together in an organised fashion to help in God’s plan, the salvation of humanity, what is  the collaboration within this group?*

**Orion:** As we have explained, when the individual grows in their soul faculties and their abilities to communicate, then the understanding, the depth and breadth of these communications are wonders to behold. Your somewhat two-dimensional forms of communication, these rudimentary aspects of communication that you have between you, are very ineffectual compared to how we may communicate together. Of course, we communicate with all of these elements that you have described. We are in constant communication.

We are in a certain level, aspect, dimension of communication that you could not possibly comprehend. Within this level and dimension of communication, there is constant back and forth sharing of information, sharing of intention, sharing of love and sharing of insights. This way of communicating together ensures that we are like one body, working together in harmony, working together for your benefit. Indeed, even as we come and speak to you now, we are still in alignment and attunement with this dimension of communication.

As I have explained in the past, what I am communicating now is merely a reflection of all the communication that is part of this collaboration, not only of our species and other stellar friends, but your angel friends and bright spirits, etc., this Alliance of Light. We are one body. There are no barriers, there are no miscommunications, but we all know our gifts, our talents and our abilities. We apply these things accordingly. We apply them in harmony with others. There is a massive coordination of efforts being made. It is in harmony and it is beautiful. There is a ballet of effort as it happens every moment on your earthly plane and in the lower planes of spirit, might I add.

**Question:** *Which communication technologies will survive Earth changes and how will we communicate when the electrical grid goes down?*

**Orion:** As we have said, the way of communication will be different. Indeed, as you grow in soul development, and this is our express desire that you do so, then you may communicate and reflect that communication to a degree as what I have just explained. There will be technologies that we will share with you that will help you with this sort of development. It will be like a child who learns to pedal on a bicycle and has what you call training wheels. We will give you what you require as training wheels in order to perfect and establish these ways and means of communication. For it takes a level of development and discipline to do so, to be able to tune out extraneous communication streams and come to focus on what is required and what will be of benefit.  There will also be ways to bring your electrical grid back into service, but in a way that is more gentle upon your planet and, in time, completely innocuous in its way of helping you with the technologies that will be in harmony with the needs of your planet and the needs of each individual.

It is a grand plan, my beloved friends, a plan that will come in stages. Various technologies will be introduced in stages. We will test each level of application. For unless humanity passes and learns to utilise these things in harmony, if they cannot do so, then the next stage will not come until they are ready. We learned these lessons with what you call Atlantis. We shared generously with them our technologies. As the myth goes, and the reality is, they destroyed their society and many souls were killed because of the misuse of that technology.

This, we vow, will never happen again. The pace of your re-establishment of society after the great change will be determined by your desire and your application toward harmony, toward that which is of benefit to all of humanity and to all of the Earth. There are many things we can give to you now, but what would you do with them? In your mind, they are like toys. They are trinkets. They are not particularly useful, because you do not know how to utilise them and you do not know how to appreciate them.

Further soul development and wisdom of the soul, perceptions of the soul are required in order that you may truly be in alignment with what we may give as gifts to your Earth. May you continue to be humble, patient, loving and respectful to your planet, respectful to one another. As you do so and grow in these elements of your consciousness, you will be preparing yourselves for what is to come. Indeed, when you are ready, these gifts will be given.

**Question:** *How do you see the future of artificial intelligence after Earth changes?*

**Orion:** More material questions, I see. No, this form of intelligence and technology is pathetically rudimentary and will not be useful in the future. To create a synthetic mind and to believe that this is superior and is of great use to humanity is to rob humanity of its inherent gifts and abilities. You have grown to rely on the technologies that you have. Yet, those abilities within the mind have not grown as a result. Only certain aspects of digital manipulation within the brain, and those things related to your computers have grown within your mind.

This is a sidestep from what is meant to be humanity’s progression and evolution. This is yet another reason why the upheavals and the great reset is planned by God. Because you are too enamoured, you desire too much to be a part of these synthetic aspects of your creation, that you honour greater than God. Many of you do, at least. The time you spend with them is far greater than the time you spend with God. The way you utilise them is far greater than the way you might utilise your soul’s perceptions and abilities to conduct your life.

These elements that have been so cleverly put together are imaginary. They are an image created by man. Like all things created by man to date, they have their roots, their foundation in the sand, not the solid bedrock of God and soul awareness and consciousness. When this is established within you and within others, then you will see the world very, very differently indeed. You will see what is important and what is useful in a very different light indeed.

**Question:** *Regarding crystal gift that was given in 2021: at the time, you said that others would have this gift and may not be aware of it. Do all those souls in this lattice of the Divine Love community, in this Lattice of Light, have the crystal gift?*

**Orion:** The crystal gift, as I have indicated, is something that needs to be desired. Indeed, that desire can come from the soul, the consciousness of soul. Individuals may not mindfully be conscious, but soulfully will be. As in anything on your earthly plane, the element of free will has a great bearing on what may be accomplished, so no, not every individual has received this gift or wants this gift.

Many individuals are very much focused on independence and being their own individual selves. They do not want any enhancement. They do not want any gifts that are outside of their own free will choice and free will understanding of it. Therefore, their minds have great control and their minds do not allow for something that is out of their control. This is human nature and human psychology.

It is important to note that those who are humble enough to say, what can be given is beyond my own personal capacities and is welcome, because I have faith that what is given is of great benefit to me and can help in this great effort to bring harmony to humanity and to the world. Indeed, the crystal gift is one such benefit and blessing to the individual, but nothing is forced on you or anyone. It is your choice and we honour this, we respect this and shall do so.

**Question:** *One of the most important things that the crystal gift does is it amplifies and helps us, supports us in our yearnings for God’s Love. It helps the material mind and the soul’s consciousness to connect more. Will the crystal gift help to amplify these prayers, to help us to transform in this way?*

**Orion:** The crystal gift does not transform the soul. It is only Divine Love that can do that. What it does is help amplify the desires and longings of the soul, help to bring it into consciousness and it does so.

I will finish my dialogue by saying, I applaud you all for your efforts, the time and effort that you have taken to be together. I applaud you for your seeking of truth, your desire to know truth and to apply truth in your life. I applaud you because you are growing light within because of your application of truth. Be that innocent child of God.

Many of these questions that you have asked come from the mind. Indeed, when you use words, they are a reflection of the mind. I am not suggesting that you do not ask questions, but I am suggesting that everything that I have explained here today should ring true within your soul, because your soul already knows the answers to many of these questions. I urge you to continue to develop that relationship, bridging the consciousness of the mind and the soul together, so that you may not be bewildered or ignorant or wonder of the many things that may come in the future.

Instead, with the soul well developed, its faculties clear and communicating well with your consciousness, whatever question you ask may be readily available to be answered within the soul. These things lay within you, my beloved friends. This is why we come to assist you, to help you to understand this, to help you to open to these things, to help you to apply them to your life.

Often you plod along in these rudimentary levels of consciousness, content that your mind knows many things because you have read books and you have been satisfied with the experiences of these group collaborations and your daily prayers. Yet, all of these things must come together in a cohesive way to bring consciousness to you that is of the soul, to accept that consciousness, to integrate that consciousness and to apply it to your daily lives. This is what is required, my beautiful friends. If you want to help this place, that was one of your questions, then help yourselves, my friends. Help yourselves to grow in Love, to grow in your soulful consciousness. In this way, God will utilise you to help this place and many other places on the planet. You will help yourself and many other individuals on the planet.

It starts with a soul awakened and transformed. That is, has been, and will always be, the key to any questions asked. For without the faculties of the soul readily accessible to your consciousness, the answers that I give will only have a dimension or two in its reality, where there are multiple dimensions associated with them. You must be able to attune yourself to these dimensions, one at a time, one integration at a time. I encourage you to focus upon that. As you well know, in order to do that, the fuel needed is that of the great Divine Love, the Essence of God, to enter therein.

We continue on our journey together, my friends. Our collaboration will continue in many ways, in many levels, elements and realities that shall come together. The dawning of true reality will come to you, as it must come to everyone in this world and in the world of spirit. Thank you, my dear friends. My love is with you. I am Orion. I work with you. As you know, it is more than just me. There are many, and we are all honoured to be a part of your efforts and struggles to find your way into the deeper levels of consciousness and soul awakening. God bless you, my friends. God bless you.
