---
title: "A Father's Day Message"
menu_title: ""
description: "A Father's Day Message"
date: 2025-07-08 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# A Father's Day Message

June 15<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Barbados Starpoint Circle of Light, Starpoint, Barbados.

Mary received by Al Fike

God bless you. It is Mary. I greet you this day, this very special day, where all fathers are honoured, celebrated and recognised. We say a special prayer for you, a prayer for your hearts, a prayer for your souls and a prayer for your mind, that your journey in fatherhood be one of love, joy, strength and happiness, to look your children in the eye and know that they are a part of you and you a part of them.

There is a specialness that is given when a man becomes a father, a unique bond, a possibility of creating a bond of love, a bond of care, a bond of teaching and learning. It can be a joyous occasion, fatherhood. Yet, in your world, it is often seen that as a man you must be strong. For some, that means to be removed from emotion. When that is the case, then the joy and the love that is available with this bond of the child suffers. There is something deep within the soul of the father that does not get realised.

We say to each of you to allow your heart to be expressed, your love to be shown and showered and your ability to teach shared. For you are guiding the future generation of fathers. This is an important and valued responsibility. It is often that much of what you do is taken for granted and not recognised, for your nature is strength. Those around you can unknowingly take this for granted, because you have always been strength and you are always there.

There is a tenderness within the heart of a father when they see their child suffering. It is prayer that will help alleviate this pain and suffering, these emotions, because, as a father, you like to help to fix things. Yet, it is not always that you are able to fix a problem that your child has. Rather, you must show them the way into the Father's Heart, as a soul to come to God and pray, to ask for this Love, this infilling of this Love. In that way, your purpose as a father is complete and full.

So, we celebrate the fathers on this very special day. Our love is with you and you are recognised. You are honoured. It is a special day to take a moment and reflect upon your fatherhood, in aiding you as a child and your Father. May you all be blessed this day as you enjoy and you remember what this is for, this special day, Father's Day. I am Mary, so happy to come and share this message with each of you. I love you all. God bless you.
