---
title: "Only Growth in Divine Love Can Truly Prepare You for the New World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Only Growth in Divine Love Can Truly Prepare You for the New World"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Only Growth in Divine Love Can Truly Prepare You for the New World

December 13<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my beloved friends. I am Orion. As changes in your Earth intensify, you will be required to be strong in faith, to be potent in your resolve, to be clear in your soulful awareness and receptivity to God's guidance and to carry the truth within you as a shining light.  There is nothing else that can prepare you for what is coming other than that eternal growth, that beautiful Light that continues to brighten as you receive the great Essence of God. As you continue on this road of development and transformation and awakening, you will find that the trials and tribulations of the Earth plane will be less formidable, even though the intensity will increase. Your capacity to cope with change will reflect a flexibility of both mind and soul to adjust, to come into greater alignment with that which is God's Will.

As your will diminishes, replaced by the knowledge and understanding of God's Will, you will find a strength there that is like none other. You will find wisdom there that is beyond your years and beyond this earthly plane. You will find a capacity to love and have compassion for those all around you who are suffering to such a degree that it will empower you to act, to be instrumental in your actions, bringing comfort and truth to many.  Indeed, manifestation, as you pray for it, will be a part of all of this, but not be a major part, rather an equal partner in all that you are and all the gifts that you carry. All of you have the capacity to give as God's channels of love. Your development is not just for one thing, a singular goal. It is for all these things to grow and evolve and be expressed in all our beauty and wonderment.

I urge you, my beloved friends, do not limit yourself and your thinking in terms of what you might do and how you may serve God and humanity. Now, my friends, it is time to think in a more expansive way, to allow your consciousness to absorb God's plan and how you are part of it. That plan is multi-dimensional. That plan involves many working parts and elements. Indeed, within you are many working parts and elements that may be engaged within God's plan. With faith, you open yourself to the possibilities of what God desires of you. The strength of that faith will carry you through any condition, any situation. Faith is a cornerstone of true soul awakening and development. Love is the foundation for such. Perceptions are another cornerstone and your capacity to act in unison and in harmony within yourself and with each other also bring strength and ability to who you are as an instrument of God.

You cannot do it alone. Indeed, there are few of you, but they are mighty. You are all beautiful channels, instruments full of potential and full of possibilities. With unity, you join together a strength that is formidable. As your faith grows, as the Love grows within your soul, as you blossom forth as a result of this gift of Love, you add to this group your particular and special capacities and gifts. You add it to the pool of this collective effort. Indeed, these additions are important and become necessary components of what may be. As your group moves forward, as the development opens, the awakenings flourish, the Love grows.

Be true to yourselves. Be true to one another. Awaken in all the ways that are possible and you will find yourself on a road that is magnificent and challenging at the same time. For it goes against the current of human endeavour and consciousness. It is not like any other road. It is a road that challenges all the mindful ideas and paradigms that you possess and the world possesses. When you can clear these hurdles of imposition and mental expressions and thoughts that are part of the human condition, leave these things behind and rely upon the cornerstones that I have explained, the foundation of Love, you become what is meant for humanity to become. You express the truth and template of that journey, examples which will spearhead the trends toward light and love, those things that you have prayed for the world. It must start with you and others willing to take up the banner, but it will not end with you. You become a beginning. You become the catalyst that ferments and leavens, to do and brings consciousness new and wondrous to humanity.

May you be blessed upon that journey, my beloved friends, and seek out all that you need and require to be that spearhead, that beautiful, shining example of a new humanity, living in a new world. You are on the verge of this. You will find yourself entering the threshold of great change within and expressing that change, changing the world around you. For this is how it must be and how it begins. May you be blessed with strength, tenacity, wisdom, love, graciousness and humility in order to enter upon that road and truly be the magnificent souls, creatures of God that you are meant to be. God bless you, my beloved friends. I am Orion and I am eager to escort you upon that journey, to uphold you and to embrace you as truly a member of the human race that populates the universe. God bless you, my beloved friends, and keep you in His Love. Orion loves you.
