---
title: "Development of Gifts Continue"
menu_title: ""
description: "Development of Gifts Continue"
date: 2025-10-12 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Development of Gifts Continue

August 15<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Happy Mediums Development Retreat, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

We continue with the development work, even though most who attended are back home, but with this core group and the connections, bonds between you, we are able to continue with our development process, helping each one of you to gain deeper insight, perception and ability. As you continue to pray together, what you have generated from this small group is intense and is a great blessing to your brothers and sisters. We are happy that you continue with your efforts, your efforts in service, your efforts to continue in your own personal progression and development. Indeed, this will continue on all the days of your life. Progression is not a static or limited thing when it comes to walking the Divine Path. It is a day by day continuation of opening the gifts and faculties of the soul, of bringing into greater alignment all that you are and being in greater harmony with God.

There is always more for this is the law of progression. You are deeply in that great stream, that current of soul awakening and progression. So much more, beautiful souls, so much more. Indeed, as you interact together, you come to reflect on one another and through one another your level of progression. Often in this interaction, you see your own limitations, those things within you that are contrary to progress and harmony. Of course, you are human, so these things are varied. Yet, as you receive more of God’s Love, they become less intense, until eventually they disappear. You will mark your progress in how you interact with your loved ones, with your friends, with your colleagues in the Divine Love. No two individuals are equal in progress and development, for each walks their own individual road. Each is blessed in certain ways with certain gifts. The variation is great. One cannot compare themself to another, but one must in great appreciation observe how different, how beautifully different each individual is, how what they contribute to the great Circle of Light that you have created together is important and potent in its contribution.

You uplift and help one another. You are used by your angel friends to bring blessings through to one another. God blesses you and brings you together for purpose, purposeful expression. All is in the great harmony and beauty of God’s plan and intention for you, singly and together. That journey never ends, beloved souls. You continue to awaken, to find your way to God, to receive more of the great gift of His Love. That journey will never end. How blessed you are to have one another. How blessed you are to know those in your Circle of Light. How blessed you are to know the wider community of souls, for as you have this interaction together, you grow, you change, you discover new things. Indeed, what inhibits you is reflected off another.

It is a gift, a beautiful gift, this fellowship and association, all whom you know. As you observe their individual progress and choices you can see the differences and appreciate the differences. For one has a gift to bring a blessing forth for many. Another has a gift that is a great blessing to one. Does this matter? Is this important? It is important that each individual continues on the journey of progression and development, for we need you on Earth. We need your continued progression and strengthening of gifts for times to come. Those times approach very quickly indeed. Be true to this journey, this road of progression, development of the soul. You will find purpose. You will find meaning, truth, joy and greater capacity to love. Indeed, all those elements, all those beautiful parts of you, those gifts of the soul, those gifts to manifest, to bring through blessings, those gifts to perceive, to grow in wisdom and love, those gifts that bring light, harmony, peace, all of these things are crucially important upon this journey that you take, that you have chosen, that you are dedicated to.

Do not let the material world send you on a road of digression from this dedication of the straight and narrow. Be clear with your intentions and desires. Seek for the highest. Seek to be with God. Seek His Love. All else will fall into place in harmony. No one has suffered because they desire the truth and follow the truth. They suffer because their level of dedication, their desire, has faltered and they have not lived a life that is dedicated to their guidance and their true path. If they do so, that path leads to great joy, satisfaction and fulfilment. If there are compromises, challenges and inconsistencies, then these are the avenues of discontent and fear, of problems and friction. The pure soul upon the highest path is a soul that shall have harmony in their life, no matter the outside conditions, no matter which individual in their lives causes problems that are perceived but not engaged within.

If there is no solution to bring harmony, it is important that you learn detachment, but also love. This is walking a fine line, but it is important for your own growth and light. For even though there are individuals, loved ones in your life that would cause you great distress and many problems, you must realize that your calling is higher than this, that the road you must take is for the benefit of many more than just one individual. Yet, as you progress upon this road, blessings and solutions shall come for those you love, if they are willing, if they desire to find solutions that bring harmony, peace, love and light. Each individual has their free will choice. Each individual has elected to take a journey, a course of life that will lead to its challenges, that will lead, often, to pain. Yet, as you well know, you cannot make those choices for them, even though many of you would like to do so. We do not make choices for you. We allow you your free will. We respect it. We come at your beck and call. We are there for you. We uplift you and uphold you. We will guide you, but we will not force you to do anything that you do not desire to do for yourself.

God made an individual to walk their individual path. It is not uniformity that we seek amongst you. It is harmony amongst the differences and the challenges. When you can master this, respect, harmonize and love one another, uphold and support one another, add to each life with your gifts and with who you are, then you are well on your road to service for God together. There is still much to reconcile, much harmony to build, much understanding to come, much appreciation, to sink deep from the mind to the soul and soul to the mind where truth is born, where love abides.

God bless you, beloved souls. I am Seretta Kem. I applaud you for your efforts, for the time you take, the dedications, the conversations, the interactions, the bonding and the knowings that come with Love. God blesses you on this journey. Indeed, Love grows within your soul. Each of you is a magnificent creation of God. As you continue to develop, mature and transform, the true beauty of that magnificence shall show its wonderment and you will become that glorious soul redeemed, flourishing in the Love of God. God bless you. Seretta Kem loves you, each one, and appreciates the beautiful flower that you are. God bless you. My love is with you.
