---
title: "I Am With You Always"
menu_title: ""
description: "I Am With You Always"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# I Am With You Always

October 10<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

I come, my beloveds. Your brother and friend, Jesus, is here. I come to uplift my brother. I come to uplift you all, for I know on this earthly plane of yours there are many trials and tribulations, conditions that you must overcome. Indeed, God blesses me and all the angels of the Celestial Heavens with great Love and upliftment. In this blessing, we are compelled to share our blessings with you, for you are truly our brothers and sisters and our brethren. Indeed, the opportunity to come in this way, in a Circle of Light, brings about the blessings of light that you long for, the blessings from God and the blessings from your angel friends and my presence with you.

My beloveds, know that I love you, each of you. No matter what pain, hurt or judgement is lodged within you, I love you and I shall stand by you always. There is nothing that can stop this. There is nothing that will inhibit my presence and my love for you. For it reflects the eternal Love of God and it is a love that shall heal and uplift and bring comfort. I am with you, the angels are with you and God is with you. These wondrous forces of light are all arrayed around you to assist you on your journey, to uplift you, to heal you and to comfort you.

May your souls open to a great inflowing of the Father's Essence, for this too is with you. The Holy Spirit awaits your invitation. I urge you to pray for this gift and to be open to all this gift has to offer you. The great healing that God can give comes with this gift, the knowledge of truth, the understanding of your own true self, the strength and wisdom, compassion that you may have for yourself and for others, is all a part and parcel of this gift of God's Love. It is here for the asking, my beloveds. I urge you to open yourselves fully and to be receptive to this great gift. I pray for each one of you. I come to each one of you to give a blessing, give light and to uplift you. I am truly your brother and your friend, and I love you dearly, beloveds.

Oh, beloveds, how great is the Love of God? How wondrous is His gift of Love? How you shall bask in the glory of this transformative Touch and truly be and become one of His angels, a redeemed soul, a beautiful light, one who has love beyond love, compassion beyond compassion, insight, deep, powerful, abiding and gifts in multitudes, the array of which would astound you, my beloveds. Much God has put within you and much shall be displayed within and through you. It is your destiny. It is who you are truly. This great gift of Love shall ensure its manifestation as you walk the Earth. Beloved souls, we are together in the Hall of Peace. I urge you to absorb all that God has to give you at this moment, to be true to your soul's longings and to be true to the truth that you know and understand.

May the blessings be true and powerful and transformative. God bless you, my beloveds. I am Jesus and I love you. I love you all. God bless you, beloved souls.
