---
title: "God Hears and Answers Every Sincere Prayer "
menu_title: ""
description: "God Hears and Answers Every Sincere Prayer "
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God Hears and Answers Every Sincere Prayer 

December 19<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my beloved friends. I am Orion. God cares for each one of you. He tends to you. He loves you. He ensures that His blessings reach you. Yet, the bulk of that care is often not seen, nor heard, nor understood. For as you go about your daily life, what happens in this subtle way is often not recognised.

It is an issue of faith, my beloved friends. Do you have faith in God's care for you and God's Love for you? If you do, then there is no need to consider, worry or fret over whether God is answering your prayers. For God answers sincere prayer, prayers that are in harmony with His Laws of Love and Laws of Creation. One cannot ask too much of God. What do you ask for? What do you desire? What you express to God is so minuscule compared to the power and glory of God that there is no depletion of God's universe if that prayer is answered. Answering our prayers is designed to enhance harmony, to bring the universe into greater harmony with creation. When you pray for something that is contrary to this, rest assured, that prayer will not be answered, but when the desire adds to the harmony, then it shall be answered in accordance with  your desire.

My beloved friends, pray and pray often. Especially seek the inflowing of God's Love as often as you can, with the greatest intensity of prayer that you are capable of. For this prayer will be answered by the Holy Spirit, as you call it, and it will be given abundantly in accordance with your desire. When that gift of God's Love is given to your soul, this ignites a flow of harmony, peace and joy within you, that indeed those prayers for such blessings are already answered. It is given in abundance. It is given so that you may know peace, that you may know joy, that you may know truth and, most of all, that you may be capable of expressing deeper, greater love in your life.

God answers prayer, my beloved souls, and God utilises His angels to do so as well. Many avenues to answer prayers are available to everyone. When you pray, I urge you to pray with earnestness, with desire and with faith. All else will come on the heels of these things within you, your soul expressing itself to God, God expressing His Love for you through answering your prayer and the nourishing of your soul. Much is given, my beloved friends, much you are not aware of. Yet, God continues to diligently bless you in so many ways, so many avenues of His creation, His channels of instrumentality, your angel friends and your stellar friends. Many work toward bringing greater harmony to each of you, to your lives and to this world. We will continue to apply ourselves within the parameters of the laws that answer prayers.

My beloved friends, there is much going on behind the scenes that you are not aware of. Yet, as you grow in the Father's Love, as you awaken your soul through God's Love, then you will see, you will come to know and you will appreciate all that God does for you through the many channels that are available in the universe.

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I come to assure you that your prayers are answered. As you pray with great diligence and desire, the answers will become evident and palpable. God bless you, my friends. Orion loves you. Many love you. God bless you.
