---
title: "Praying for Others"
menu_title: ""
description: "Praying for Others"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Praying for Others

July 31<sup>st</sup>, 2025

One Nation Circle of Light, Liverpool, NY, USA

Luke received by Elizabeth Mack

Great blessings upon the Earth and the children who reside there. I am Luke the Physician. There are great healings occurring across this planet and in the souls of humankind. Your prayers are being answered and have been answered again and again for the children in the flesh upon the Earth, as well as those across the universe. Those in the spirit world are also being helped because your prayers are answered.

God, our Father, the Creator of all, desires the upliftment and healing of all of His children. He is anxious, as you are anxious, for these healings to occur, and because you have faith in God's blessings for all of humankind, all are benefiting. Such is the way of God's Laws, especially the Law of Love. When one receives, all receive. Their willingness does occur, perhaps infrequently, but when it does, they are blessed and uplifted.

Pray more for their openness to God's Love and God's blessings and that will occur. You will see the results of that in the upcoming months of your time upon the Earth. People will be progressing openly. Continue to pray. Pray deeply, strongly. Pray for forgiveness, for yourselves as well as your brothers and sisters. Pray for the Love to reach all of humankind. This is of great benefit and importance at this time. We are grateful for your prayers and we pray with you.

God bless you all, all of you: those in spirit, those in the flesh, those visitors from other planets and, of course, my brothers and sisters in the Celestial Spheres. We love you all and we are here to help you. I am Luke. I give you my love. The Father's Love rains down upon all of us at this time. Open your souls and be blessed abundantly.
