---
title: "Enact God's Will in Your Lives"
menu_title: ""
description: "Enact God's Will in Your Lives"
date: 2025-12-11 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Enact God's Will in Your Lives

November 18<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. It is Orion. I wish to speak today about the harmony and balance required when you are asserting your will and integrating God's Will. You live in an environment, a society, an atmosphere of assertion. In many ways, passivity is frowned upon and action is rewarded.

This, my beloved friends, has its benefits and it has its pitfalls. You have been trained to be an active agent in the world. For those who are not, they are left behind, financially ostracised, and not acknowledged as what you would call a productive member of society. Yet, these assertions and this action are often contrary to God's Will and God's plan for human life and endeavours. We have encouraged you to understand what God's Will is within your soul and to bring that forward, informing your actions so that your assertions are not merely your own constructs and assessments made as you navigate life, bringing the Will of God within your expression to such a degree that when it does come time to act, you do so with wisdom. You do so with love.

God's Love adds a gentle component to your actions because they are not just constructs of the material mind, but an amalgamation of soul guidance and wisdom with mindful intention. This balance, the amalgamation of these elements, requires a certain amount of finesse and spiritual awakening. There is nothing more powerful to awaken your consciousness than the great gift of Divine Love, for it awakens the faculties of the soul. With the faculties of the soul combined with the faculties of the material mind, there is a powerful wisdom and an element of informed action that will bring greater harmony into your lives and also make you a more effective instrument in the world, a channel of light and love.

You must ask God to guide you and you must allow yourself to accept and to integrate this guidance into what is your daily life. It does not happen overnight. For to be aware of these two centres of consciousness within you and to bring them together in such a way that what you do brings harmony, is sensible, practical and yet filled with grace. This is not easy to do, as you well know, but you have the support and the upliftment of your angel friends, your Celestial friends, bright spirits, much influence around you that helps you to come to see and realise the guidance and the impressions and the inspiration that comes as you act out your daily life.

As you grow in God's Love, so the faculties of your soul open and become stronger. Your awareness of these things becomes clear and you come to accept those elements of clarity and perception that come. You grow in faith, faith in God's Will, and you come to understand what that means and what that is. You seek to express God's Will and to be God's instrument, channels of light and love in the world. As you grow, there is less resistance, there are fewer conditions that make for a barrier and confusion as you try to express your intentions and your inspirations that come from the soul.

The more that you do this, the more times you step forward, the more that you release your inhibitions, your fears and your judgements and replace these things with faith, wisdom and perception of the soul, you become stronger in these expressions and they become more integrated into your consciousness. Small steps forward, a desire to be that instrument, a desire that is put into prayer asking for help, a desire that says, *“I will listen deeply to that which my soul wishes to speak and express to me. My world is not governed by my mind, the material mind, but it is beginning to open to the integration and amalgamation of soul consciousness with material consciousness.”*

I assure you, my friends, that your life will be more harmonious, less confusing and most certainly more dynamic if you pursue this to any great degree. For much can happen to an individual who is allowing the download of God's Will into their consciousness and putting it into action, into their lives. So much can be expressed in this way, things that would not normally be expressed, things which the material and logical mind would frown upon and mistrust because the origin is something different from what is the norm. You must take that step on the road less travelled. You must express those things that reflect your desire and effort upon that road. As you do so, each step of the way, you become stronger, clearer and more dynamic in your actions. You do God's Will in this way.

Many believe that doing God's Will is merely achieving some form of inspiration and then applying that to mental constructs that are common and comfortable to you. In truth, doing God's Will is something different indeed. It is putting aside those constructs of the mind and allowing the perceptions and inclinations, desires of the soul to take precedence. Indeed, the material mind has some say, but it is only what one would call one leg in the three-legged stool. The other two are the Divine Love, the light within your soul and the perceptions of your soul that allow for God's Will to come into your consciousness. This balance is achieved through your efforts to integrate these elements, not relying with one leg of the stool primarily, but allowing all to balance out the load equally.

This is a challenging thing for those of you on Earth, but it is possible. I urge you each day to experiment and to make efforts to apply these elements into your daily life. You can do so with harmony and true integration. Then your life will change. The priorities will change. The desires will change and the actions will change. Your actions will be more an expression of God's Will for you. You will be guided. You will walk the road of service clearly and effectively and love will flow abundantly. These are the benefits of allowing you to go deeper into your consciousness, to accept what is truly your self, your soul and the faith in this.

To walk in faith, my beloved friends, is to truly be God's instruments. To be God's instruments is the way in which you may be those active agents to change the world for the better, to bring greater harmony not only into yourself and your life but into the world. This is what you pray for. This is what you desire. Yet often, when the opportunities come, you are more apt to apply your mental constructs to what is needed than to go deeper and to be more humble and to apply the added information and inspiration that comes with the soul faculties. Make these efforts, my beloved friends, to truly be in alignment with God's Will. Your life will be glorious, harmonious, dynamic and effective, beautiful, filled with light, an expression of love. Be within that flow, that right great River of God's Love and you will find true joy there and true purpose.

God bless you, my beloved and beautiful souls. I am Orion. We continue on that journey, do we not? Indeed, many are with you and as you progress, much will be accomplished. God bless you, my friends. Orion loves you. God bless you.
