---
title: "Be Strengthened in God's Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Be Strengthened in God's Love"
date: 2025-07-22 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Be Strengthened in God's Love

June 29<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mark received by Al Fike

Peace be with you, my friends. I am Mark, a disciple of the Master and your servant to help and support all of you on the earthly plane. I come to encourage you to share the Truth of God's Love in the world, a world so lost to this Truth, a world that is so in need of its blessing.

Yes, there are so many lost souls in your world. The world teeters on the brink of chaos and greater pain, confusion and darkness. The workers are few who are willing to step forward in compassion and grace to bring the truth to humanity. How many here are willing to walk that road of service, to be available to God, to be guided, to be uplifted in His Love and to reach out to your brothers and sisters? I do not call upon you to preach and to proclaim the Word, the truth, forcibly and loudly. This was never what the Master preached nor exclaimed when he was on the Earth. Rather, he walked and demonstrated the truth to whomever was willing to observe and to hear.

It must be the same with you, my friends. God is weaving this great and vast network of light upon your world. Each time you set forth in the world and touch another soul, you add a strand of light that reinforces this great Lattice of Light that exists. Every time you pray for another, you do so. When that golden opportunity presents itself, that you may speak the Truth of God's Love in simple terms and loving terms, then indeed, that is a great blessing, an opportunity given to you.

Ask for this opportunity to be a light and a channel of love in the world for God. When you pray for this, then those doors are opened, for you express your desire and wish to serve God and to be a light in this way. Each of you carries many gifts, many capacities to bring blessings and light to the world as God's channels. Many of you underestimate the beauty and wonderment of your gifts. Many of you are reticent to enter into the world because of its harshness, because of the possibility of being judged or condemned by another. Yet, when you have the great gift of God's Love within your soul, you are strengthened. You have a depth of wisdom, of grace, of love that will allow you to enter into any conditions, provided God is with you and is protecting you.

The world will continue to be harsh. That condition will intensify as conditions continue to challenge humanity and humanity continues to challenge God. Strength is required. Forthrightness is required, but with this, a tempering of humility, faith and graciousness, so that when you are with another, when God places that opportunity before you, you may have the wisdom to reach that soul with the love in your soul and the love that is pouring through you and to use the words that soothe and comfort another.

This takes a certain finesse and ability. I know many of you feel that you are inadequate for this job, but I tell you that when you are on an errand to do God's work, the words will come because God will place them upon your lips. The love will flow because God is utilising you as His instruments, His angels on Earth. You will find yourself in situations and conditions that you have never dreamed of. Yet, because of guidance, because of the work of the angels continuously making efforts to align you, your great soul and being with the avenues of truth and expression and purpose that God has for each one of you and God wishes for each one of you to express in the world, assisting your brothers and sisters.

There is much to do, my brethren, indeed, very much to do. We have faith in you. God has faith in you. God's plan continues to unfold. Each of you are a part of this plan. Each of you are being prepared and developed to be beautiful lights in the world. As you continue to seek out the great blessing of God's Love, so that strengthening soul, that beautiful light, that wisdom and truth, all expressed in love, continues to grow and expand within you.

Be God's instruments, my beloved friends, and you will have the angels with you. You will have God's Hand upon you. You will see and know through the guidance given to you what you must do. It will not be beyond your capacities. God may allow you to bend somewhat, but you will never break, my friends. In the bending, in the stretching, going beyond what you are comfortable with, you are exercising the capacities of your soul. You are gaining great wisdom and experience in this. My beloved, beloved friends, be God's channel of Love. Continue to pray for your loved ones, for humanity and for the world. Continue to seek out ways and means of strengthening that great Lattice of Light. Utilise the wisdom and grace that is within you and truly be an instrument of compassion, peace, love and truth. God will guide you so, my friends, upon this path that is extraordinary, beautiful and deep in meaning and purpose.

God bless you, my friends. I am Mark. I come to uphold you. I come to love you and to acknowledge you, for you truly are lights in the world and God truly does bring His Love to you. Through the grace of the Holy Spirit, you shall be blessed, my friends. God bless you.
