---
title: "Guidance for the Road Less Travelled"
menu_title: ""
description: "Guidance for the Road Less Travelled"
date: 2025-09-03 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Guidance for the Road Less Travelled

July 26<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

Yes, the world is in need of you, my friends. I am Seretta Kem. You observe your life and your continued progression in terms of earthly parameters and expectations. In this way, often, you feel like you are progressing at a turtle's pace, that not much is happening that you recognise. Indeed, the light within your soul seems dim and mediocre. Yet, you have sat with us in Circles of Light, not only with this particular circle, but with many others, some of you for many years. Do you think that such efforts go unrewarded? Provided you do not pay lip service to your prayers and your desires and are sincerely engaged in these efforts, there is great progress. There is much happening.

Yet, your perceptions are muffled by the material world in which you live and the material mind in which you engage. It is difficult to see beyond that. At times, you see. At times, you come to understand the progress that you have made and the journey that you have undertaken. These moments of lucidity will continue to grow until there are very few moments where you are not engaged within the perceptions of the soul in such a way that you recognise yourself within a world that is of God and not of man. These things come subtly. These things are different from the conditions and perceptions, the “reality” that you are used to.

The transition between the reality of man and the reality of God continues to march forward. Little insights, experiences, wisdom of the soul and perceptions of the soul continue to be blessed within your consciousness so that you are beginning to recognise the difference and the progress. There are always things that we might do to enhance and to perfect the conditions necessary in order to bring materialisation forward. Since you live in a world that contain such intransigent conditions and circumstances, we are continually correcting, adding, making possible a clearer channel with each of you. Many of you make choices that depreciate the conditions that you carry rather than enhance them. Often, these choices are not even conscious, but you continue to respond and react to the material world in such a way that you, in subtle ways, degrade the condition that you carry. Sometimes you slip and fall. At other times, you are upright and continue to hold steadfast upon the path. You are human still.

Indeed, it is a long road toward being transformed within your soul. You continue to stretch, move forward, desire for the highest, pray and seek to be guided. Yet, I wonder how much of our guidance, our words, what we teach and what we share with you, is truly absorbed within you and acted upon. You wonder why we repeat ourselves often. Well, this is the very reason, for it takes a lot of repetition in terms of guidance for you to truly understand what we are saying. Your minds have great difficulty following what, often in your mind’s perceptions, is illogical or even not worth your focus. The distractions of the material body and mind continue to draw you away. The need for discipline is always of importance, as is the need for great faith and trust in the process, which is your soul’s transformation. The consequence of that transformation is continued changes of attitudes, biases, ambitions and desires.

Your soul is indeed a powerful element within you. It continues to absorb this great gift of Divine Love and continues to be affected by it. The cleansing process also continues. The laws are working in your favour, my beloved friends, but you often are contradictory because you are human. Often, you think you are reinforcing the truth when, in fact, your actions prove otherwise. It is a constant battle within you, a battle which we have explained to you many, many times. You are very familiar with this inner battle. Each and every day, you struggle because of it. Yet, you persist, as do we in our efforts for purification, for harmony, for wisdom, so that your soul is nourished with every breath, that your actions reflect the light within your soul. Your emotions also reflect this. The emotions that you express are that of love, compassion and desire to embrace and to assist your brothers and sisters without judgement or hesitation.

Yes, there is much that is required of you, but you have enlisted in a programme, if you will, that requires much of you. You may choose not to engage in this programme. God will not condemn you for your choice, nor will we, but you consistently show up at these Circles of Light for prayer, continued progress and development. You are voting to stay. You are continuing to be a part of this, and we are pleased that this is the case. We have compassion for you, my friends, deep compassion, for we once lived upon the earth plane. Many who are now in the Celestial Kingdom were not as developed or spiritually attuned as you when they lived upon the earth.

Yet, we ask a great deal of you because the time is short. Your time upon this planet is short. If we are to make substantial progress, if we are to have the manifestations that you so eagerly desire, if you are to be a light for God in the way that has been prescribed, then we must all work diligently toward these goals and to be not just acquiescent toward our own condition, but to actively and fervently try to change it, to let go of those inhibiting factors which you are all aware of within you and to be free from the shackles of the human condition.

It is a tall order, I know. I know that progress continues to be slow, at least in your mind, but we see progress. We have greater perceptions and capacities of knowing you, knowing you more than you know yourself, understanding you more than you understand yourself. In this knowing that we possess, this perception and the love that we have for each one of you, we do see progress, my friends. We do know that you are trying and trying hard to be those lights that you aspire to be. Thus, between our efforts of lifting you, guiding and protecting you, and your efforts to be receptive and to implement the truths that you know, we will make headway. We will accomplish our goals.

The pace is quickening. Indeed, do you not all feel this? The efforts we are making are more intense, for as you grow in the great Father's Love within your souls, you are making possible a closer rapport between ourselves and you. You are making it possible for us to influence, to love and to guide. Together, we walk this path so unique. We are truly brothers and sisters working within the great plan that God has for the salvation of humanity. So, we shall, my friends. So, we shall.

God loves you so and we love you so. We continue to exert all influence, all light, all gifts that we possess for your benefit. May you open more widely to what is offered. God's blessings, our blessings, the blessings of your stellar friends and the bright spirits. Oh, the group that is arrayed around each one of you is so very, very powerful and beautiful in light. It cannot be so difficult to avail yourself of what is offered, for the power of it is glorious. The light that is around you protects you from negative forces. We only ask that you protect yourself from those inner negativities that seek to dominate and be expressed. Be true to your soul’s desires. All will be well, my friends. We will accomplish our goals. We will be in alignment with God’s goals. All will be in harmony in the beautiful Love that is God's great Soul offered to us continuously and abundantly.

God bless you, my friends. I am Seretta Kem. I come to uphold you, hopefully to inspire you and to assure you we are on the right track, the right path toward attainment of our goals. These things come because of love, and they are an expression of love. Remember that, beloved souls. It is love that is the key always. It will be the fulfilment of God's plan for each one of you. God bless you, my friends. My love is with you. Great Love is with you. God bless you.
