---
title: "God's Plan Involves Many Groups and Individuals"
menu_title: ""
description: "God's Plan Involves Many Groups and Individuals"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God's Plan Involves Many Groups and Individuals

December 16<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my beloved friends. I am Orion.

Have you considered the ways and means that God will enact His plan for the salvation of humanity? Do you believe you are the only ones involved in this plan? I do not believe that you see it this way, but there are times when certain groups form where they believe they are the salvation. They are the source to bring humanity to that place of true harmony and peace. That dedication, that belief, can be beneficial to a degree. It ensures that you are loyal and involved, engaged in the work that you do with others and with your own personal journey of soul awakening. Yet, I wish to inform you that you are not the only ones. There are many around your planet who gather for different purpose, different reasons, different perspectives, but they are indeed a part of God's plan. They have their contributions to make. They have a soul that has a destiny to serve God in a particular purpose and way, as do you, my beloved friends.

It is important to be humble and to realise that what you do together is indeed blessed and beautiful, but not unique. As you continue to grow in the blessing of the Divine Love entering your soul, awakening your soul and transforming your soul, you will come to see how vast and complex are God's plans. Indeed, as God enriches the soil from which your souls grow and brings certain individuals together, they enrich one another and then they enrich God's plans. There are many who are growing in that tilled soil of spirituality, awakening and awareness. Yes, some will flourish and some will not. This is the way of the world. Some will be steadfast, loyal and consistent, and some will fall away because their needs are not met, or their curiosity is not satisfied, or their minds direct them in other ways and other directions.

This too is the way of the world, but God continues to cultivate the soil, to plant the seeds, to bring about what is intended and destined for this world of yours. As you continue to grow within this nurturing environment, your soul's awakening, the Elixir of God's Love pours within, so your awareness of others, your awareness of this plan, grows, deepens and broadens. You come to appreciate how God does not leave any stone unturned. God ensures that there are many ways, many avenues for His plan to be realised and you are part of that plan as you well know.

Each of you fulfil your part and do so with love, grace and humility. You will continue upon this road, provided you are dedicated and desire to do so. God will nurture you, help you to grow, help you to be transformed, help you to express the beauty of your soul and all its transformed expressions. Your duty is to continue to grow in the Divine Love, continue to awaken in the Divine Love and to be loyal to one another, to your friends such as myself and the many others involved, and to God. With this dedication, loyalty, with this fervency of prayer and soul awakening, you will be successful in that which God has planned for you.

The timing is determined by you, my friends. The road, whether straight or meandering, is determined by you. God does not circumvent your free will. God continues to honour this, as do we. I urge you to continue to be introspective and to seek out those barriers, those attitudes, those fears and misguided notions that keep you from God. For as you let these things go, you unburden yourself in this way. Then the journey becomes swift, the road straightens and the purpose and expression of God's plan will become obvious and palpable.

Know you are not alone in what God has planned for this world. There are many others out there who are also being prepared, who are also part of this great revolution of thought and understanding so that truth may come into the consciousness of humanity. As you play your part, so that expression, what you have to offer to the world, will be seen and recognised, acknowledged and appreciated. For now, you prepare. You prepare with prayer. You prepare with seeking to strengthen yourself in every way. You prepare by cleansing your mind of anything that is not in harmony with God's Laws of Love.

You prepare in many ways. We are there to assist you and to uphold you. We are there always, so that you are not alone, but you have many companions by your side and much effort being made on your behalf, the world opening to you in such a way that you are able to move, to connect with others, to be that instrument that is needed, flexible, strong, capable, wise and loving. All these beautiful elements within you have the opportunity of expression. You continue on with your life, seeking to serve, seeking to express your gifts to the glory of God, acknowledging how wonderful you are as God's creation. Indeed, you are wondrous and beautiful.

See the world in this way, my friends, that many elements are coming together. Many souls are connecting, interconnecting and you are a part of this. The light that you carry, the truth that you carry, the gifts that you carry will help many others find clarity, strength, inspiration and truth. Your role is crucial, my beloved friends, but it is not singular. There are many others engaged and a part of a great plan. You will find this to be true as you continue on your journeys and as you reach out to others. The truth will be revealed, the plan will be known, and you will play your part as the beautiful souls that you are.

May God bless you upon that journey, my friends, finding your way, finding your place and purpose, finding the gifts that lie within you, knowing that you are loved by God and in being loved by God, you learn how to love yourself and your brothers and sisters. The journey is not complicated, but it is a test. It is filled with opportunity. It is a great journey of learning, growing and awakening. The power of God's Love fuels all of this. You continue to seek this elixir of the soul, so that you may truly be a part of this great transformation and awakening of the world. God bless you on your journeys, my friends. Orion loves you and will continue to be a part of all that you do and all that you are. I am there, as are many. God bless you in His Love.
