---
title: "Expressing Divine Love Through Your Unique Gifts"
menu_title: ""
description: "Expressing Divine Love Through Your Unique Gifts"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Expressing Divine Love Through Your Unique Gifts

December 19<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Indeed, every moment of your life, may you know the Touch of God's Love. I am Orion. I come today in celebration with this dear instrument regarding the collaboration that we have made, our creative efforts to bring the Truth of Divine Love to the world. A book is published, a song is created, a poem is made, a smile is given and an embrace. All these things are avenues of expression of the Truth of God's Love that resides within your souls. I encourage each of you to utilise the gifts that you have, to express this Love, to reach out to another, to touch another soul with inspiration, joy, beauty and love.

This is what life offers you, my beloved friends, the opportunity to express your true selves, to express the gifts within, to bring them forward and to do so in love. For this gives joy. When beauty is expressed, there is joy. When another individual comes to understand the message that you have, the feelings that you have experienced, what is happening in your prayers and your life, then you give a gift to them. It is my hope that with every gift that you give, you are sowing the seeds of truth and you are sowing the seeds of hope.

For many are lost. Many are in darkness. Many do not understand in any way the meaning of life and the gift of life. So many go about their days uninspired, often downcast, often confused. Yet you, my beloved friends, are the opposite. You are shining in your light. Your head is held high. Your souls are expanding with the Divine Love of God and so your very presence, your existence on this Earth, is a message and gives others hope. For within their soul, they are being touched by your beautiful presence, your beautiful light, because you are a channel of love for God, a light for God. You exhibit truth in your life. So many ways God can use you to give to another. You do not know even a fraction of those ways and those gifts. They reside within, but often because of attitudes, reticence and even fear, these things are not expressed.

For many of you, there is an idea, a fear, that you will be rejected or misunderstood by what it is that you carry within your heart and the gifts that you carry within your soul. Yet I tell you, my friends, with practice of these expressions, of these gifts, they will be honed and made beautiful and attractive in their expression. Be of good faith, my friends. Know that God made you and all that you are, the uniqueness that you are, to add to the world, to add something that is truly blessed, something that is unique and special, because each of you has something beautiful to give to your families, your loved ones, the people around you and even strangers. There is something you can give.

In this time of giving, consider this. It is not so much the material objects that you may give to another. It is the way in which you give, the love in which you express yourself and touch another. These are the important gifts, the powerful gifts, the ones that last. For you cannot take any material thing with you into spirit, but the memory of another and their loving expression, their embrace of you, their unique personality and beauty. These are the things that those around you will carry when they enter into the spirit world. These are the things that last and these are the things that will bring change and upliftment and light to another.

Be that beautiful instrument of light. Seek out your own beautiful gifts, your soulful expressions, and find ways that they may be expressed in your life, that they may indeed touch another, or even many others. When you decide, you choose to express these things within you, know that your angel friends, your stellar friends, many bright spirits around you, will assist you, will reinforce, will help you to refine what is there and craft it so that it will be acceptable and desired by others. It is a process. It is a journey of growing and development, awakening and transforming, but you have God's Hand upon you.

My beloved friends, you are on that journey, that path of awakening. The transformation is taking place, even though often it is very subtle and you have trouble recognising it, but we see it. Each and every day, we observe some change, some addition of light, something that you have done or said or felt or prayed for that has changed you. It is all there for those who have eyes to see. You, my beloved friends, will continue to awaken to yourself, to the Great Creator of the universe, to one another. The beauty that is life and your engagement with it all are a blessing and a gift.

May you continue to know these blessings, my beloved friends. We are with you always. We shall continue to assist you and accompany you on your journey. Our love is there for you. I am Orion and I love you. Beloved friends, I love you. God bless you.
