---
title: "Prove Yourselves My Beautiful and Beloved Students"
menu_title: ""
description: "Prove Yourselves My Beautiful and Beloved Students"
date: 2025-05-29 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Prove Yourselves My Beautiful and Beloved Students

May 1<sup>st</sup>, 2025

Anaheim Retreat, Anaheim, CA, USA

Augustine received by Al Fike

Beloved students, I am your teacher, Augustine. Do you have any idea of the efforts that have been made on your behalf to help you grow and develop in the highest Truth, which is the Father's Love and all that that entails? What you see is the tip of the iceberg. What you manifest in this world is the tip of this iceberg. For what does it take to keep that iceberg afloat, that small portion above water? It takes a great deal of mass and effort to have this portion in the light above water.

So it is with you, my students, the efforts that have been made on your behalf to assist you upon this road and journey of awakening in Divine Love, of the soul's development and maturation in Love. It would be desirable for you to realise how much effort is made on your behalf, how many angels have dedicated their time for you, how many blessings have come from God to uphold you and how much is invested in your instrumentality and capacity to be a light in the world.

I know you understand and believe how much you have struggled in order to get where you are today, to be that light, to be developed in the ways of your gifts and the expressions of your soul. Indeed, you have made a great effort. It requires a great effort to overcome the impediments of this material world in order to be that instrument of God, but know that it is not merely you, your efforts, your prayers and your relationship with your Creator. It takes many, MANY to uphold you, to protect you, to guide you and to be with you every moment of every day. We do not wish to be acknowledged in gratitude. Rather, we wish for you to acknowledge that what it takes to uphold God's instruments in a world that is so against light, so contrary to truth, is tremendous in scope and in application.

We are happy to support you, my beloved and beautiful students. We are there in love and we are joyed with the results, as you continue in your dedications, as your gifts unfold in their natural order and in response to the power of God's Love given to uphold and to develop these gifts. Indeed, might you consider that it is the universe of Love that is behind you and with you. It is the power of Love that ensures that we are close. It is the Truth of Love that emboldens you upon the journey and assists you in your efforts to share and to be an instrument of God with your brothers and sisters. There is still much to know, to learn and to develop. As you well know, the journey is eternal and yet we have made great progress with all of you. We have indeed applied ourselves diligently so that you are upheld, that you are blessed mightily and that you are given all that you require.

It is up to you, my beloved and beautiful students, to apply what has been given, to integrate it into your lives to such an extent that you might become God's precious, clear, beautiful and bright instruments to bring truth to the world, to make this your focus, to make this your dedication and to make this an offering to God, in your love for God, in your love for yourself and in your love for humanity. For it is the power of love, the clarity of love and the brightness of love that will motivate, inspire and make true your instrumentality in the world.

Continue to seek out this gift. Continue to seek out God's guidance. Continue to seek us out and our presence. In this way, you are the embodiment of this iceberg. You are acknowledging the breadth and depth of it, the power which comes with the Truth of God's Love, manifest in you and your expression, your beautiful soul that seeks to rise above the darkened conditions of this Earth and be free in the light and clarity of God's great universe of Love. You continue to struggle. You continue to apply yourself. You continue to study and seek out the word of truth and the embodiment of truth within you. In this way, you ensure our presence with you. As you seek for the highest, so you are given the highest of blessings.

It is not a difficult journey in regard to understanding truth. The understanding of truth comes with the experience of truth, the feelings of truth and the revelations of truth that God gives you as your soul opens to His Touch and blessings upon you. No, the struggle is in the application, applying your understanding of truth to your lives, clearing out the debris of past mistakes, past injuries, past error and walking in the world as a clear and beautiful channel for God. This is the struggle and we fully understand the difficulties that you encounter. For we, too, once walked the Earth. Yet, you persist. You are strong in your soul. You apply the Truth of prayer to receive the great gift of God's Love. You are open to the results, the blessings that come.

You might choose to cloister yourself in a condition that is viable and comfortable for you, rather than stretching out into the world, a world that is contrary and difficult. Yet, underneath these conditions, in every soul is a hunger for truth and for love. Are you able to overcome your reticence and your desire to be comfortable and to stretch yourself into conditions that are somewhat challenging, doing so in faith, walking in the world in faith and being guided as you walk, not knowing the plan, but having faith that God has a plan and that with each moment that plan is revealed, drop by drop, step by step? If you can do this and do so with the strength, bravery and faith that is required, then you will enter into the next phase, the next stage of your development and your instrumentality. You are well-endowed with truth, with understanding of truth, with many blessings given to you freely and abundantly, but application is now the mandate given to you.

Prove yourself, my beloved and beautiful students. Prove yourself to yourself. Prove yourself to us. Prove yourself to humanity. Because a treasure chest hidden away, filled with many gems of truth and blessings of Love, remains hidden and is hoarded by the soul that has been given these treasures. A treasure chest that is opened and shared is indeed a great blessing to many. It is for you to make that choice. Shall you fasten the lid and not share, only to yourself, gloating in the gifts that are given and the treasure that you have accumulated within? Or are you willing to open that chest and say to your brothers and sisters, *“You see? This is the generosity of God. These are the treasures of the soul. This is what you may have. If I have the ability and opportunity to show you how you may garner these treasures for yourself, then I shall assist you on that journey. These are the treasures of Love, the bounty of God's blessings.”*

Be that shining example, beloved and beautiful students of truth. Be that beautiful, beautiful channel for God, that others may know the bounty and others may recognise the treasure that is not of the material but purely of the spiritual. You must apply yourselves in the world. Though you may falter, though it is difficult, though there is much resistance, continue to walk forward. Continue to be heard. Do so in loving ways, gentle ways, yet forceful ways, ways that others might hear, ways in which those who are lost and seeking might feel comfort and might feel love. These are the things that draw in the lost ones. These are the things and blessings to draw in the seeker.

Each of you have your gifts, your unique personalities. Each has the opportunity that God guides you through to share with another. I urge you to do so, for this is a great test before you. How well can you walk in the world and share this Truth without fear and reticence, with the expression and beauty of your soul sparkling forth in a world dark, providing light in a world dark, giving truth in a world immersed in ignorance and error?  God guides you through. You will know the words to say if you ask God to give them to you. You will know the places to be if you are receptive to God's guidance to show you the journey you must take. You will be provided for, beloved and beautiful souls, with all that you require, all that is needed to walk this road of service and be God's instruments of truth, to be the disciples of our beloved Jesus and the work that he continues until that day when the Celestial Kingdom is closed, but that day is not upon us.

We must continue, all of us. Continue to point the way to the door, to bring the Truth, simple as it is, so that others may choose to receive this gift or not. We need you to be instruments in the world, to be that beautiful light, that example, to teach the truths and to share the treasure. We ask you over and over again. Indeed, I ask you once more to open your hearts and souls to the Will of God and to be those instruments that God is developing, all the resources applied to each one of you in such abundance to keep you above water, to be that beacon in a dark world and to be a loving and beautiful channel for many.

You will be guided. You will be provided for. You will be blessed mightily. All is given in love. We do not judge you, my beloved and beautiful students, but we encourage you forward. God encourages you forward. The opportunities are laid at your feet. You do not need to seek them, for they are there for your soul to acknowledge and understand. It is given freely. Many opportunities, many options, are presented to you, beloved souls. Answer the call and be within the flow of God's Will, His grace all around you, this Love pouring toward you in abundance, the light of protection with you as you journey forth as God's brave and beautiful emissaries of truth and love.

God bless you, beloved students of the truth. I am your teacher, Augustine. I give to you a serious message, but one that is required at this time. Know that we love you. Know that we are with you always and God is with you every breath, every breath. The Creator continues to feed your soul and feed your being with Light. God bless you, beloved students. My love is with you always. God bless you.
