---
title: "Seek Guidance from God First and Foremost"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seek Guidance from God First and Foremost"
date: 2025-10-12 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Seek Guidance from God First and Foremost

August 16<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Blessings to you, my friends. It is Orion.

Seek out guidance. It is important that you seek guidance for yourself and that  guidance has meaning for your life. It is one thing to listen to me speak through an instrument like this and to add inspiration and information for your benefit, but it is also important that the communications between you and your soul are clear and the guidance may come from God in whatever form that might take. It is that integration of all directions and aspects of guidance and information given, that you may have a complete picture of your journey and your direction. Ideally, each individual should be receiving detailed guidance for themselves and that when you come together and compare this information, it would harmonise and become part of the big picture that is your ministry, your efforts together.

Yet, each of you have different ways of receiving guidance and you are receiving bits and pieces of information that are not necessarily comprehensive. We compensate for this by giving you guidance in this way. We understand that this helps to clarify, but indeed, the goal is for each to mature in their gifts and their abilities, their soul perceptions, their inner experiences and that with this we build a beautiful light together, the light of truth, the light of comprehension, the light of surety, faith and love. This light does exist amongst you, yet the intensity is not as great as we would like in order to do the work that we set out to do. We continue in these Circles of Light, these groups. We continue to make ourselves available to you as do your angel friends and others. Our concern at times is you rely too much on what we say and too little on what your soul communicates to you. It is important that you know for yourself, truly understand within and apply the knowledge to your life. For each must be strong in this truth, in your way of being and living the truth, of being that light independent of everyone else. Yet, in that strength of independence, you give to your brothers and sisters willingly and generously.

That strength is sorely needed with each one of you. If you are so strong in your alignment with God and your alignment with your own soul, then we can reach a different level of communication and collaboration, but that strength must be consistent amongst you. Indeed, as I have said, you are all at a different place and your development is somewhat erratic in terms of a group capacity. Of course, this is the earthly plane, so what more can we expect? When we see the conditions of your Earth, what we have with you together is far superior than what could be with others. Yet, our duty is to inspire and to cajole you forward into higher levels of soul awareness and development, into a greater capacity to be of service and, in time, to manifest materialisation of us and others so the world can see.

Are you strong enough to actually embrace and to reflect this idea of what you call Direct Voice? To date, it is only something in your minds and your souls that you imagine and wish and desire to be a part of. But indeed, to bring this gift to the world is to change your lives profoundly, to bring you to that place of service where you cannot enact what you believe and what you want within this framework. There must be a complete reliance and dedication to God’s Will. For when these things manifest, it is part of a greater plan. I wish to emphasise that whatever you have in your idea of a plan is not in alignment with what God’s plan is. If you are willing to sacrifice your own thoughts, ego and ideas and adopt that of God’s, then you will indeed be able to be successful in this venture.

Yet, how many of you, my beloved friends, are so humble and willing to do so, to give up all those commitments and situations in your life and dedicate yourself to this? This is what it will need. This is what is required. It is one thing to imagine this convenient and beautiful gift expressed in ways that are suitable to your mind. It is another to actually move forward within what has been created and what is necessary in order for this plan that is divinely orchestrated to be successful. So much relies upon your commitment and your willingness, your willingness to abandon old ways, old lives and ride this great wave that will challenge the world. First, it challenges you and your capacity to commit and to release obligations that you have held fast to. It requires faith and trust. It requires letting go of the inhibitions, the worries, the cares, the “I cannot do this” part of you. I wish you to contemplate on these things, beloved friends. What are you willing to do? How far are you willing to go? You may muse that whatever God wills of you will be in harmony. This is the truth, but that harmony may be very different from what your minds project as harmony. That journey may be very different from what you anticipate, and what is required of you may be very deeply and profoundly challenging to each of you.

We have gone thus far, beautiful souls. You have been consistent, but this time in prayer, anticipation, desire and imagination is the easy part. This is the part where no sacrifices are required other than a small amount of time and some effort in prayer. This, you are all too willing to do, my beloved friends. This we appreciate, deeply appreciate. Yet, when are we going to go to another level, a higher level of commitment and effort? We will not suggest such things until there is unity, until all are ready. We continue in this way and some of you are wondering why we continue in this way. I say to you that indeed we have great patience and that you who are somewhat frustrated or wondering also need to be patient, steadfast and faithful. If this cannot be, there is no unity. If there is no unity, then there is no true progression as a group.

There is much to consider, my friends. You are asked of much. Much is required to reach those levels of development of soul, of commitment, of mind, of discipline, of unity and harmony. This has never been accomplished in a group on Earth. Even beautiful Jesus and his disciples had much disharmony amongst them, much misunderstanding amongst them. Yet, what they were able to accomplish in the years that they were on Earth is still remembered 2000 years later. Think of what you could accomplish if we were successful in our efforts and you are strong enough and consistent enough to bring this gift through for all to see and for all to experience, how this has the potential to change the world. Yet, that change must be strong within you, that light, that understanding, that truth.

We have a way to go, dear and beloved souls, but we continue and persist and shall do so. As long as you are willing, we are willing. Our dedication is complete. We have no hesitation, for we not only do this for you, but we do this for humanity. This is the bigger picture and know this, the neediness of your brothers and sisters on Earth is intense. The dysfunction and darkness, chaos and lack of truth, lack of love, all of these things which you know very well exist, needs to be addressed. You are attempting to address it in your own way, certainly addressing your own shortfalls and condition. We continue, beloved souls. The garden continues to grow. For some, the buds appear, anticipating the flowering of the beautiful soul. For others, there is some growth and manifestation of the unique plant that you are, if you allow me that analogy, but there is still some time before the buds might appear and the blooms come to fruition. Yet, we continue. We continue, my beloved friends. We love you all so very much, your willingness, your persistence, your desire, all these beautiful aspects that are coming from your soul, motivating you to continue on this particular journey.

May you be blessed, my beloved friends, in all that you do and all that you are, for God is with us and God shall be with us forevermore. We are in alignment with the Great Creator of the universe, the beautiful oversoul that is the one who loves us so much, the one who protects us, the one who guides us, the one who heals us, the one who gives us the elixir of life and the great Love that shall bring more life. May God bless us all in the harmony and beauty of His Love and bring us to that place of true unity and true manifestation, so that all may see with their own eyes that which can be possible and that which brings hope to the world, truth to the world, opening the eyes of those who sleep the slumbers of ignorance and avoidance. For they cannot stand the pain of true reality and so they live in their illusions and so they are asleep. It is time for the Earth to awaken and, in that awakening, that there be change and choices for light and harmony and all that is good. You are the harbingers of such things. You wish to be awake and so wakefulness is yours. God bless you, my beloved friends. Orion loves you always and evermore.
