---
title: "A Call to Universal Harmony: Awakening to the Law of Divine Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "A Call to Universal Harmony: Awakening to the Law of Divine Love"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# A Call to Universal Harmony: Awakening to the Law of Divine Love

October 24<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Welcome, beloved friends. I am Orion, not of your world, but most certainly a brother to your soul, for we seek the same things, the same journey toward at-onement with the Great Creator of all the universe. Through this universal Truth, this law that God has implemented in the universe, the Law of Love, Divine Love as you call it, we are able to be brothers and sisters. We are able to connect to the vast reaches of space with a blink of an eye. Because our souls are in alignment, the desires thereof make for the possibility of this connection.

I am honoured to be your brother. I am honoured to know each one of you and I do know each one of you, for God has sent me and others, many others, to uphold and support you on your journey, many of whom you know as your angel friends. They truly are your friends, but they are our friends as well. We work together. We pool our resources for the benefit of all of you upon this world of yours. We are very busy indeed, for it is a very dynamic time in your world, a time where such communications such as this can be had and a time where the perils of human endeavour could snuff out the light of your world, all of life upon your world.

It is a time of promise and a time of great concern. We seek to tip the balance toward promise and light, to bring all of you hope, to help you understand the true desires of your soul. We are dedicated to this cause, as are your angel friends and many more that you are not aware of. Yet, I urge you to continue to open your souls wide to the great gift, the inflowing of the Essence of God. For you, along with all of us who possess a soul in the universe, are able to have this close and intimate relationship with the Creator of all. We have the gift of life. We have the gift of free will, so that we may determine the extent and quality of that life. We are able to love and we are able to give in many ways that bring harmony and peace. You are as well, my beloved friends, but you must learn how to utilise these gifts, how to be open to love, love that comes from you and your birthright, Love that comes from God and His blessings upon your soul. All the forms of love bring light, bring healing and harmony to your world and ours, to the entire universe.

You must see yourself from this perspective, this way of viewing your life and the potentials within it. There is much to learn, my beloved friends, there is a very long way to go for many of you, so that you may truly see, truly perceive and appreciate the wonderment of your own soul and the wonderment that God has created that is you, so that in this wonderment, in the joy of it, you may come to be at one with God through receiving the gift of His Love.

The process in itself is simple and many, many worlds in our universe engage in this process and began it many, many eons ago. Yet some, like your planet, seem to be lost in the confusion of your own ignorance and inability to understand your true self. This is why we come to help you, to uplift you and to teach you. This is why the angels come and many bright spirits from many other planets. For it is detrimental to us, to all the universe, when one planet remains in darkness and suffers, for your planet emanates this darkness and the suffering and it reverberates through the whole galaxy and in time, the entire universe. This must be repaired. Truth must come to you and be acted upon so that you are truly in sync and in harmony with the laws of the universe, the Laws of God and Love. These things are not difficult to understand. We have shared them and many others have shared them, but to apply them in your world, to sweep away the obstructions and the darkness, to choose light over the human condition is the difficulty, the challenge.

Yet, we are here, my friends. Many others are here to uphold you, to assist you, to show you the way. We continue to be with you, your friends, your brothers and sisters, in a universe filled with many others. Seek for the highest, seek to truly be in harmony with the Laws of Love. Many blessings will befall you, my beloved friends, and many difficulties will be removed. You will know a life of joy and happiness, of harmony and peace. As such, you may be examples and instruments for God to utilise, to help your brothers and sisters. Carry on, beloved souls, and seek with earnestness and desire of the soul.

May the blessings of God be with you and a great flow of Love wash over you. May you know peace, a peace that passes all understanding. It is yours to be had, my friends. Seek it out. The moment is now. Blessings to you. Orion loves you all.
