---
title: "Be Instruments of Divine Love in the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Be Instruments of Divine Love in the World"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Be Instruments of Divine Love in the World

August 29<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

May God bless you deeply, precious souls. I am Mary. I come to pray with you. I come to be with you, to love you and to tell you that each one of you is precious to God. Each one of you is loved beyond measure by God. All you need do but reach out with your soul and your heart to your Heavenly Father in prayer and supplication, in communion and Love and all will be given freely and beautifully to each one of you.

Do you know His Love, our Heavenly Father, who indeed has created each one of you unique and beautiful? Do you know His gentle Touch to bring peace, to open wide your soul, that the inflowing of His Essence may be a part of you forever? Do you know God's intention for you? His desire is that you walk the path of Love, awakening your soul in all that is beautiful, all that is within, revealed, awakened and expressed.

For there is much within you to know, to continue upon the Path Divine. There is much for you to understand, to experience and to realise within, where this is the spiritual path, the path of the soul, the awakening of the soul and the vitalisation of the soul with Love. Each of you longs for this. Each soul desires to grow and develop in Love. Each soul is made for this. You are part of His children who walk in the world as a light. As your light grows, as your light glows, may you be His instrument of Love, healing and peace for others. For many do not know what you know. Many do not have what you have, but many are seeking. It is for you to show them the way, to be God's instrument in the world, to be that light shining bright, to be an expression of that love in all the ways that love can be expressed, the beautiful ways of the soul, the beautiful ways that will bring others close and will help to awaken them to the glory of God, the wonderment of God, not in fear, not in condemnation or judgement, but in love, in acceptance, in embracing all as they should be embraced, as they are embraced by God.

Help them to know how loved they are. For you know how loved you are. You feel that love each and every day. Do you not want others to know this as you do? My beloved, precious children of God, it is our efforts, desire and responsibility to share this Truth with those who do not know it. In this way, you give them the opportunity to choose it or not, but they must know there is a choice. They must see the way forward, to awaken and revitalise the soul in Love. For when they can do this in prayer and know of this gift, then they are well on the road to their soul’s transformation and redemption.

May you be blessed, my beloved, beautiful children, blessed in the Father's Love, blessed in the knowledge of the Father's Love, blessed in all the goodness and wonderment which is His Love. We are all His children and we shall be forevermore upon this Path Divine. I am Mary and I love you so. We all walk together, seeking to outstretch our arms, putting our hands forward to another and say, *“Come, come and be with us in this grace of God, come and know the feast for the soul and find replenishment, quenchment of all that is within you, desiring to be at one with God.”* One hand reaches for another, for another, until the entire world is held in Love. God bless you, my beloveds. Mary loves you. Mary loves you. God bless you.
