---
title: "It is Time to Allow Your Soul Gifts to Come Forward"
menu_title: ""
description: "It is Time to Allow Your Soul Gifts to Come Forward"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# It is Time to Allow Your Soul Gifts to Come Forward

September 30<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved souls. It is Orion. I am happy to return to speak. I am happy that this instrument has returned to allow me to speak. Together, we are again in our lessons and discussions pertaining to the soul. We are happy that you have returned in your intentions, desires and prayers to receive within your soul the great gift of God's Love, the key to opening the doors to many blessings and truths.

Think of your soul as a beautiful tree with many branches. Upon particular branches there are now buds waiting to open, flowers waiting to be expressed. Indeed, that expression is an example of God's beautiful creation within you. Each flower represents a gift, a capacity, something that you may share with the world. Though God has created this gift, these blessings, these beautiful flowers and He is nurturing those flowers with Love, you hold the responsibility of also nurturing these flowers, accepting them and allowing them to bloom forth in your life. It requires your efforts as well, your dedications as well and your acceptance of all that God has created.

In your world, it is easier to cover over these blessings, these manifestations of the soul, with the busyness of the mind. You struggle with this and often succumb to the temptations of the material world. Yet, we encourage you further, your dedications more ardent and true to your soul's desires, dedications that lead you to God, lead you to greater inflowings of the great Divine Love. As you continue to receive this gift, the buds swell, bursting, desiring to be expressed. Yet, with your reluctance, hesitation, lack of faith and dedication to other things that are not of the soul, you hold back these blossoms, for they cannot truly manifest without your expression and commitment to them. This way, the alignment takes place. This way, what it is that you have to offer to the world as a unique gift of your soul can truly be expressed in clarity and purity, all its beauty manifest.

I urge you to continue to focus upon this. In your prayers, consider what it is within you that is bursting to come forth. What gifts do you possess? How must they be expressed? Indeed, often these expressions come in waves of excitement and revelation. You see for yourself there is something truly unique and beautiful within you. Yet, the expression, the true expression, the full-hearted expression of these things is often dampened by your reluctance to truly be that unique soul that you are in the world, a world that desires mediocrity and conformity, a world that does not understand these gifts.

Yet, there are many in the world who are eager to be a part of your expressions, to be blessed by your expressions and who support you in them. Yes, it is a world that has this dichotomy, this challenge and these dilemmas. You are well aware of this, my friends. You are well aware of how difficult it is to truly be free in your expressions, truly be clear and loving in your ways in the world. I urge you to be brave, to be steadfast, stalwart, faithful and to seek guidance and support. For we are always there to support you. Your angel friends are always there to support you. We will help you to express these things in ways that will be effective and that will touch many souls.

Remember, we do not focus upon how individuals will be impressed mindfully with what you have to give. We are focused on what will reach the soul and what is truly an expression of the soul. This is a different track or wavelength, if you might call it that, to that which is often predominant in your world. This is an expression that is subtle, yet powerful. The ways of your soul have eternal effects in the universe. The ways of your mind are temporary and often irrelevant. It is the power of your soul expressing, resonating the Love of God in all the unique and varied ways that are within you, that will resonate through the ages, will affect the future of unborn children and will affect the way that humanity will choose to live in your world.

God's plan to change your world for the better, to bring greater light and harmony, to bring truth, is dependent upon those beautiful manifestations of your soul. My friends, you are the breaking point of that which must come through into this world of yours. Each of you carries the power, ability, gifts and capacities that will contribute to a changing world. Do not underestimate who and what you are, what God has created. How powerful, how beautiful, how piercing are these gifts, piercing the darkness, piercing ignorance, piercing apathy, piercing those who are lost, afraid and depressed. They live in this semi-darkness and have no idea how to liberate themselves from it. You have the key for many. You must utilise what you have, the gifts that you possess, the abilities that God has put within you and put within you for a reason, for He has plans for each one of you. He wishes for each one of you to express His plans through your gifts and unique soul.

My beloved friends, see yourself in this light, not the empowerment of a mind and ego that desires recognition, fame, fortune, whatever that might be, but recognise you are a soul seeking to serve humanity and serve God in all the wonderment and capacities that you possess. Whether that brings recognition or not, it will bring an influence and effect upon this world and upon the souls who inhabit this world. Yes, it is a humbling journey where there are many in the world who proliferate ignorance, darkness, destruction, but are powerful. You have the solution to rectify and to heal these things and yet there is no recognition to speak of. Yet, there is a plan, my beloved and beautiful friends. We are a part of that plan and many, many others are a part of that plan. We continue to assist you in growing stronger, more effective, clearer and pure in Love.

You must be patient and yet you must be diligent, because the time does indeed grow short. The time for preparation is now. The time for your focus is now. The time to express those gifts, no matter how new and somewhat unformed they are, you must make an attempt to express these things. You must have faith in what is there. God will show you. We will show you if you are willing to look, if you desire to truly see, and the impediments shall indeed fall away. For as you continue in your journey of soul awakening and transformation, this is inevitable. Yet, I urge you to look clearly and succinctly on that which is truly you and to encourage your own awakening by desiring the impediments to fall away, to pray for this, to focus upon this, to put the efforts that you need to put into it in order for this to happen.

My friends, we continue to encourage you. We continue to walk with you, to pray with you and to assist you in all the ways that we can. We are doing our part. Make no mistake, we are doing our part. I urge you to do yours, my friends, for it is a communal effort, something which we share, something that requires both parties to be fully involved and engaged.

My friends, may God truly bless you, truly give you strength, that His Love may clear the path, that you may desire for this path to be cleared, that you may desire to truly express love and that love, the manifestations of many gifts and ways that love, may indeed be a part of your life and expression. I am Orion. I thank you for listening to me. I will continue to support you, to guide you and to love you. God bless you, my friends.
