---
title: "Call to Prayer and Transformation"
menu_title: ""
description: "Call to Prayer and Transformation"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Call to Prayer and Transformation

October 12<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

I thank you, dear brother (DL), for your heartfelt prayer. You are a light, sincere and beautiful in your soul, your countenance and the efforts you make in the world. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. I come once again to pray with you, to acknowledge each one of you, that you may see for yourself the bounty that you are building within your soul each time you pray for this gift of Love.

It is changing you. It is transforming you. It is the greatest and highest gift that can be given to any soul, this Love. This Love that permeates the entire universe, this Love that is available to all your brothers and sisters, not only in this world but many worlds, this Love that shall bring harmony and cohesiveness to all of God's creation. For as each of you grows in this gift, you help add to God's plan and intention to bring all together in harmony, to bring peace, to bring truth, to bring light.

My beloveds, it is important that you are sincere in your prayers and that you pray as often as you can to receive this gift, for never has the world needed bright souls, souls filled with Love, than it does at this moment. I beseech you to continue in your efforts of prayer and to listen to your guidance, for prayer is both expressing the desires of your soul and listening intently with the faculties of your soul for God's response and guidance for each one of you. God conveys deep and abiding Truth to you all. God gives to you what you require to make your next steps in life. God wishes to guide each of you with the depth and intensity that His Love might bring into your lives.

No matter what might happen in your material world, the strength and solidity of the Father's Love within you will be your anchor. It will bring to you all that you require to navigate any conditions, any situations. My beloveds, you must have faith in what you pursue and desire within your soul. Your relationship with your Creator is the utmost and most important effort you might make in your earthly life. If you do so as has been prescribed, you will find that your life will be in greater harmony. That the decisions that you make, the efforts, the light that is within you shining bright and beautiful, will enhance your life beyond anything that knowledge of the material can do. It will bring the spiritual knowledge, the spiritual strength and insight that is required that you might be in harmony and within the grace of God, that you might be a channel of His Love, a light in the world.

All the blessings, all that comes with God's Love, is meant to bring harmony and peace to you and to convey these blessings through you to others. Be a light, my beloveds. Truly be a light and you will know the peace that passes all understanding. You will feel the Love of God as palpable and powerful in your life. You will carry the wisdom of love into whatever you do and wherever you are. This, my beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters, is something sorefully needed in your world and sorefully needed in everyone's hearts. For the longing of the heart, the longing of the soul, is what determines your destiny, your passage, not only through this world, but the next. You must listen to that longing and place it at the feet of God and ask for the blessing of His Love to assuage those feelings and to bring peace to your heart.

My beloveds, I am with you, each one. I am close. I make great effort to assist you and to help nurture the longings of your heart, to help you to see and understand the power and the importance of these longings expressed to God. To give to you insights and impressions of truth so that you may find your way upon the darkened road that is the human condition. I am with you, my beloveds. I am with you, never to leave. Know that my love for you is great and that as I pray with you, blessings shall befall upon you, my beloveds, the blessings of God's Soul to yours, given freely and abundantly.

God bless you, beloved souls. May we all enter the Hall of Peace and feel the nurturance of that place and know the many blessings that God has to give to each one of us. We are together, united in this one desire for our souls to be awakened in the Father's Love. We are joined in this unity, this peace, this blessing above all blessings. God bless you, my beloveds. I am Jesus. I love you always and evermore. God bless you.
