---
title: "As Different Aspects of Our Souls Awaken, This Impacts How Communications From The Angels Takes Place"
menu_title: ""
description: "As Different Aspects of Our Souls Awaken, This Impacts How Communications From The Angels Takes Place"
date: 2025-06-28 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# As Different Aspects of Our Souls Awaken, This Impacts How Communications From The Angels Takes Place

May 17<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Happy Mediums Development Group, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Seretta Kem. Indeed, the structures of the mind, as has been formulated and developed over the years of human evolution, is somewhat contrary to the capacities of mediumship, of communication that is of a different level and different quality than that of human interaction, utilising words, thoughts and projection of these elements shared with one another. Thus, a great deal of our work, and many of you have felt these efforts taking place, is in restructuring and tinkering with, if you would mind that word, your mind and your brain, so that a passageway may be opened up to bring through this communication.

As this instrument has indicated, part of this is a stream of consciousness that every individual possesses, but because of their experience in the material world, it is not nurtured nor often accepted. Those who have a tendency toward daydreaming and imagining are closer to that stream of consciousness than those who are in that mode of thinking that is solid, structured and full of categorisations. In order for many of you to have made a living in the world, you needed your brain to be well-structured. You needed to utilise those components of your brain to prove and to express the capacity to deal with the material world. Many of you are very much stuck in that position, that condition of mental calibrations and thought gathering that brings material results.

Our hope is that something more than this will be developed within you. Of course, you are a multi-faceted creation of God. I only speak of one facet of many that requires your acceptance and willingness to engage within these developmental phases and stages toward mediumship. Some individuals, such as this instrument, have a greater endowment of what I have described as stream of consciousness and creativity. They are the right-brain thinkers, as your scientists have indicated. Yet, many in your world are recognised for thinking from the other side of the brain and able to accumulate facts and knowledge, expressing them in ways that continue to reinforce the material avenues and expressions of human life.

Those who are creative, the “dreamers,” as they are called, are often not recognised. Indeed, even those who are gifted in this way see themselves as inadequate. It is important for you to realise that you have both attributes within you. Often one is more developed than the other. For those of you who aspire to be a medium, it is important for you to realise that you must shift your focus from the left brain to the right, from the solid, linear thinking processes and paradigms to that of the more fluid and creative processes that are a part of you.

This only sets the stage for mediumship development. The greater part of the development engages the soul and the mind's recognition of the Truth and power of Divine Love and the soul's engorgement of this beautiful gift, so that through the Law of Attraction, you may attract your Celestial friends and be engaged in communication with them. You see, the complexity of the human being, the mortal, is great. The realignment, the recalibration within you is great. It requires time and effort. It requires dedication and faith. It requires your acceptance of those aspects of yourself, trusting in them, focusing upon them, desiring their emergence within your consciousness so that you are comfortable with these things that are not so recognised in your society and your consciousness.

It is a challenge. It requires daily contemplation, daily prayers and daily focus. For some of you, it is a great challenge, for these sensibilities and feelings that come are not so well-defined and developed within you. Some are naturally gifted in this way. Often these individuals are ostracised or condemned, thinking they have a lack of stability and may be judged to be mentally unstable. Yet, indeed, these individuals who have extreme sensitivity will find their way toward such gifts as mediumship an easier road, although the price of this sensitivity is a vulnerability to many different influences and many different conditions. I believe that if you think of those around you, you can discern who are the sensitive ones, those in your family who are the sensitive ones and those in your circle of influence. These individuals often have a difficult time of it. They are not well received within society, for they represent something different and, in many people's minds, strange. They feel uncomfortable with these individuals and these individuals feel like they are out of place with the rest of humanity.

Yet, we are inviting you to integrate these very sensitive parts of your being with that which you are used to and display as your common expression. This is very challenging indeed, for if you have been a part of those who have judged and seen the sensitive ones in an unflattering light, then you have prejudices to overcome. You have ideas to recalibrate. You must come to love yourself in all that you are, all that you express. When you can do so, you can certainly love the world and love all within it.

Yes, you are challenged, beloved souls. You are given a taste of another world, a world that is within you and a world that is all around you, but different from the world you may have grown up with, different from societal expectations of reality. You become the outliers. You become the different ones. You must be strong in this, not hide yourself away from the world, but stand up for what God has created within you. Be that individual, that true self, an expression of that true self in all that you do.

If you grew up being sensitive, you already have compassion for many. You already have experienced the slings and arrows of those who would reject you. Yet, together as a group, with this multiplicity of experience, attitudes and perceptions, you become formidable and strong as you bond together, as you love one another and seek to understand one another in this compassionate, loving way. You are understanding the way of the world, in the way of love, in the way that God wishes you to be in love, an expression of love.

Be that light for one another. Be that light in the world. Know that God created you as a beautiful and unique soul and that every part of that soul desires expression and desires to be out in the world expressing itself in the joyful, beautiful and unique ways that are of your soul and your way in the world. Encourage one another in this uniqueness of expression of being and honour one another. Love one another in this. Do not succumb to judgement or fear. Do not become uncomfortable in the presence of another who is different from you. Rather, observe and appreciate. Indeed, if that individual is not in harmony with love, say a prayer for them. Be supportive in the ways of love. Be wise in your demeanour and be discerning in your words.

My beautiful, beautiful children, students of truth and love, there is much to learn. There is a way to go before you see overt expressions of the gift of mediumship and communication with us. Yet, it comes step by step, day by day. You are all headed in that direction. What this will look like will often not be the way you perceive it at this time or the expectations you may have at this time, but it will be and it will be a valuable part of your life. It will inform your life like nothing else. It will be a gift to you and to humanity.

May you be blessed, beloved souls, in all the ways of the soul, those faculties expressed, those gifts blossoming and your capacity to love growing with each day. This is what we ask of you. This is what you are asking of yourself. Indeed, as you ask, as you receive, as you toil, as you test and as you express, so it will be. May God bless you, beloved souls. I am Seretta Kem. I am with you on that journey. Indeed, I am fascinated with the twists and turns, the unique expressions, the differences and the beauty that is within each soul. I grow in my love for you as I observe you and I walk with you. God bless you all in His Love. Seretta Kem loves you. God bless you.
