---
title: "Let go of something that has held you back today!"
menu_title: ""
description: "Let go of something that has held you back today!"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Let go of something that has held you back today!

December 15<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Nashville, TN, USA

Luke received by Jimbeau Walsh

Brothers and sisters in Christ, may the love of God be with us. I am your brother, Luke. During this Christmas season, the heaviness of the vibrations on earth are lifted, as so many souls raise their hearts in gratitude, to God for all His blessings, for His protection, and for the gift of His love and the bringing of the New Birth and its reality to earth with brother Jesus. It is written that the sins of the father are visited upon the third and fourth generation, which is a way of saying that in harmonies created by one’s fore bearers, are often the result of those who have come before them, as well as those who are unfortunately feeling the effects. And this can extend into ailments, the predisposition one might have towards certain afflictions, and the genetic structures static in the sense that they are not easily changed.

But this you should know: your spiritual DNA is dependent upon the condition of your soul, whether you are rich or poor, healthy, or handicapped, big or small, or male or female. For true longings of the soul result in true responses, not only in the love of God but in the celestial assistance one may require. Simply said, ask and you shall receive, knock, and the door will be opened.

As your prayer life deepens and you begin to expiate what are referred to as the encrustations of the soul, a spiritual weight is lifted, and one begins to feel a lightness regarding one’s daily life and the weight of the world. Many of you have experienced this, and whether you have, to a greater or lesser degree, one drop of Divine Love, it makes a huge difference. We always ask you to have hope, pray, and have faith, allow your hearts to be open, that your souls may be blessed. And though these reminders may seem redundant, please take them as encouragement.

There is enough admonishment in the world for inharmonious behavior. So, we come and encourage you, knowing the outcome of our guidance is a soul transformed, lifted above the weight of the world, beginning to walk in light, letting those things that have held you back, letting go of them, and realizing the mercy of God and the grace of His love in the abundance of this blessing.

May this day be a beginning for each one of you to let go of something that has held you back, something that perhaps has made you feel less than worthy, maybe even unable to move on, and forgive yourself. But I tell you, you are worthy, so forgive yourself and reside in this blessing of love, this gift from above, this holy communion.

You may have heard the phrase “the body of Christ. Its original meaning changed and was perverted in a sense, with the churches referring to the unreality of the transubstantiation, the teaching of which is, in fact, in error. For the body of Christ are those who are the living embodiment of the love of God residing in their souls, anointed as one in God’s love. Let us give thanks with all our hearts for this great gift brought to the world by our brother Jesus and given to us by the one true God. Go in peace. I am your brother and friend in this body of Christ in our holy communion.

I am Luke the Physician.
