---
title: "God’s Mercy"
menu_title: ""
description: "God’s Mercy"
date: 2025-12-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God’s Mercy

November 17<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Nashville, TN, USA

Judas received by Jimbeau Walsh

My brothers and sisters, it is I, Judas.

I am very pleased to see the amount of joy in this circle, the progression of each one beginning to truly see that with God all things are possible, seeing answered prayers, and the testimonies of those who have received healings in body, mind, and soul.

When one begins to see the mercy of God through what was once perceived as tragedy, one begins to see the bigger picture. How merciful it can be for one who has been ill and in pain to transition into spirit, for one who has been abused, one who has suffered, whether it be physical or emotional pain, victims of war and famine, all these things that cause the world to grieve, and rightfully so, for we hold our loved ones close and our path with them is dear to us.  Yet when one looks beyond their passing, and our loss, one begins to see the mercy of God and the freedom that each soul who enters the spirit world can receive, even those who enter the second sphere, as it is called, and that is most souls.  Most enter, as you have been told, into the second sphere where there is quite a bit of light and harmony, and compared to their circumstances on earth, might seem quite paradisical; heavenly.

But the deeper longing of each soul is to be transformed in love, to be purified, and to be free. As one progresses through the many spheres, one begins to detach from their worldly concerns, earthly issues, and yet the love for others only increases as the love in one’s soul does likewise. Those of you on this path of Divine Love can feel great empathy, great compassion for the world and every soul. As you grow in this love and begin to truly let go of those things that have bound you, whether it be matters of unforgiveness, judgment, political disparity, or religious difference, the soul moves beyond those limitations. And when you are in this prayer, in this moment, and you allow the longings of your souls, reaching to God to receive the great gift, are you not lifted above all these things and yet drawn to love the world and all beings?

Where I abide, there is only love. When we come, we only bring love, and we come in the love of God that you may know it is us. So, beyond the intellectual understandings of divine truth is the reality of one’s being in God’s love, Divine Love, as it is the true meaning of the birth of Jesus on earth, the re-bestowal of the great gift.

So, as you begin to move into the season of Christmas, give the gift of love and allow God to bless you with every good and perfect gift in His love. This is the great blessing, so be of good cheer, be of joy, and be grateful that you have been so very blessed as I have. My brothers and sisters, I shall step back in this beautiful prayer that we may all be one in the love of God. I love you. I am your brother and eternal friend, and I am a redeemed soul in the celestial heavens, where one day we shall be together. May God bless us.
