---
title: "Integration"
menu_title: ""
description: "Integration"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Integration

October 16<sup>th</sup>, 2025

One Nation Circle of Light, Chicago, IL, USA

Jenna received by Elizabeth Mack

I am Jenna. I am from a far-off planet. Yes, you received correctly guidance to allow me to speak. You know your will is to be of service to our Creator, our Father, our one and only God. I too am in this condition of soul Love and grace because of the Love that I have received, which on my planet started at a very young age to progress. I am not very old, ninety of your years, but I come today to speak about the transition from living in “sin”, as you call it, to living the truth, the Truth of God's Love, the purpose of which is to bring about the transformation from being merely an image to the glorious, sacred condition of receiving the Essence of God's Soul.

Even in the way I speak about the difference, you may feel the qualitative change that occurs when you receive God's Divine Love into your soul at the very beginning. As it continues to flow into your soul, as you continue to be open and asking for this sacred gift, not only does your soul change, its composition changes, but it also changes the quality of everything about you. It changes how you perceive, how you see the world, how you relate to everything in that world and, most importantly, how you commune with our Creator. All of that and more changes. When it changes, the laws that are operating as you walk from moment to moment also change. Many of you are experiencing those changes in your life.

I come to you today to tell you to take a moment and recognise the changes that have come forward in your life, every part of your life, that are a direct result of receiving this Love from our Father. Acknowledge it. Bring it into your full consciousness from your soul, to your mind, to your brain and to your behaviour. This is the integration that will help you as you progress along this path, as you call it. It is God's Will for you to receive the highest, the most loving, the Divine in your souls, not that you will become God, but that you receive a part of the Divinity that is God to help you experience your life, whether it be on the Earth, in the spirit world or in what you call the Celestial Heavens. You all know that this change continues forever. That is a lot for a human mind to understand. I, who am relatively new, eighty-five years of progression, have come to explain it and hope that you understand that as you move forward, integration is necessary for a fuller, more beautiful expression of who you truly are becoming.

I can see why your higher spirits, those with transformed souls, who you call Celestial Angels, love you so dearly. You are beautiful souls. With each inflowing, you become more beautiful, more complex and more perceptive, deeper in your expression of love. It is a joy for me to have been able to come and speak with you. God bless you all. I am your friend. I am your sister. I use the name Jenna for you. May we all be blessed this day.
