---
title: "Come to Know God's Will"
menu_title: ""
description: "Come to Know God's Will"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Come to Know God's Will

November 29<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. It is Orion. God's Will is not difficult to ascertain. God's Will is not a difficult thing to enact in your lives. What makes it complicated are your mindful interpretations and filterings of that pure intention of God to be expressed through you. When you are humble and in alignment with your Heavenly Father, then God's Will is easy to know. There is little that makes it difficult. There is no conflict. There is no ambivalence. There is only clarity and a sense of desire to do as God wishes.

That desire and that clarity comes as your soul is awakened, transformed by the Father's Love. That desire is not necessarily something that is difficult for you to understand or to attend to. This is merely an acknowledgement of your soul, an alignment between your everyday consciousness and that of the soul, making this union your consciousness as you go forward in life. This is what we wish for you, beloved friends, that the consciousness of the soul and the consciousness of your mindful experience of life merge together, are knit together by the power of God's Love. For when that happens, you become a formidable force for good. You are truly an instrument of God.

There are few upon your world who are truly attuned in this way. Yet, you have the potential to be that instrument. Within that potential, within all that can manifest through that potential, you have the possibility of changing the world. How many would it take to do so, to make the world a different and better place? Not so many, my friends, but those individuals need to be dedicated, completely dedicated, to the cause of God's Will and design. That takes a great measure of humility, for humanity has experienced life by asserting its own will in everything. To put that inclination aside and to truly know and express God's Will is very contrary to what you have learned and what you have experienced in life. Yet, the joy that can be had when you are within the flow of God's Will is beyond anything that you may assert for yourself or express within your life. True humility, my friends, is letting go of that need for control, that need to know, be aware and to express your life within your mindful paradigms and desires.

Letting go is so difficult for you, my friends, so very difficult. Old habits, old ways, old desires, old fears, old intentions. You carry such a burden. These things pile one upon the other to sully the intention of God within you, to confuse, to cloak and to make ineffective that Will that indeed is known within your soul. The mind continues to dominate and to dictate. As you venture further within, leaving behind these mindful intentions and conditions, you will get closer to your goal to truly manifest God's Will and God's plan for this world of yours. In so doing, you will know us to a greater degree and so many others who are very intent indeed on having God's Will expressed in this world.  This does not mean that the Law of Free Will is put aside or inactive. It means that you are willing and willingly embrace what God intends. Yet, since you are an individual in your own right, what that will look like is dependent upon how you express these things, the gifts that you carry, and indeed the desire and will to express those gifts and abilities.

You have a role to play, my beloved friends, a very crucial role. The potential of this role is beyond anything that you have experienced or expressed in your life to date. It is so powerful, so beautiful and so magnificent, this kernel of purpose within you, that when it expands and becomes truly a part of your consciousness, you will have trouble recognising yourself and your life. For it will change everything and bring so much, so many dimensions into your life, that it will truly be a different life. It will truly be a life of service, a true reflection of your soul's purpose and all that is within it.

I beseech you to be true to your soul's purpose, my beloved friends. What more is there in your life that is so important that you would put this aside and carry on in your oh, so human ways? It is time to choose, to understand that choice and to make that choice. My beloved friends, so much awaits you. What holds you from this is you and your resolute desire to be in control, to live your life in such a way that you have one foot in truth and one foot in the human condition. How long can you continue in this ambivalence, this way of living? It causes pain. It causes difficulties. For when truth enters your consciousness, when God's Will is present, often part of you is contrary and contradicts this beautiful gift and blessing of guidance and intention that God places within you and through you.

Each day presents its opportunities and its tests, to see how far you might go, how much you might let go in order to accomplish these simple tasks that God has and lays before you. As you continue to be in alignment with the intentions of God and express these things with greater clarity, then the tasks that will be before you will be more complex, require more of your attention and your efforts. God starts small, simple and innocent in these things. It is for you to listen and to be aware, to truly wish to act and to do so to the best of your abilities. With God, all change, all efforts, all things that are of light, truth and harmony come with a whisper, a simple inclination, something that is not forceful but is present within your consciousness.

So it is with you, my beautiful friends. You begin with the simple things. Who knows what may come in the future? That is for you to determine. That is for you to cultivate the awareness of soul so that this Will of God, infused with the purpose of your soul, will create something magnificent, a force that will be formidable and will, in time, change the world. Why else do we spend such time with you, my friends? It is that potential that we see, that God sees and that the angels see. This is why we are so intent upon you. This is what may be and may come to be. Of course, you hold the reins. You are in control and you determine the outcome. May you choose wisely, my friends. May the truth come to you, the understanding of your purpose and how that may unfold in your lives. May God's Love continue to bless you and open the way to that glorious purpose and destiny.

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. Once again, I come to speak of truth, to uphold and uplift, to inspire and to love. God bless you, my friends. My love is with you.
