---
title: "Comes in Love to Bring Blessings of Love and Peace"
menu_title: ""
description: "Comes in Love to Bring Blessings of Love and Peace"
date: 2025-04-17 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Comes in Love to Bring Blessings of Love and Peace

April 11<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

We come in love, my beloveds. I am Mary. We come to uphold you. We come to bring our light to surround you. We come because we love you and, as God's instruments, we come so that God may utilise us and utilise you to bring further light into the world. There are so many reasons why we come. We are so very thankful that you allow us to come and that you bring us to you through your prayers and desires, through the longings of your soul and through the blessings of God.

We are here together in His grace and in His peace. Together, we will rise up and be in that place, that Hall of Peace, and receive the succour for our souls, receive the upliftment, the inspiration, the guidance and the Love that our souls long for. Because together, we are a force of light, formidable and beautiful. We shall continue to band together in loving harmony, in the grace of God, to be within the blessings, the flow, the intention that God has for the upliftment of your world.

Together, we work to these ends. Together, we are like a family who are bonded, who are purposeful and who desire to be in harmony with one another, with ourselves and with the world. God has so much to give to the world. Since God created this world, His plan and intentions continue to unfold within it. It is His wish that humanity might know, be aware and follow the Will of God, so that there is harmony, that the direction intended, the flow of purpose continued, so that greater harmony and peace and light may flourish here on your world.

We come to support God's intention and plan. We come to uplift you and to help you see and be aware of all that is intended by our Heavenly Father, all that shall unfold and be given so that humanity may flourish in light and love, in peace and harmony. Each of you plays your part. You pray for this and so you are a part of it. You will be inspired and guided to play your part and act your role, your gifts flourishing, expressed and given to all you meet and to this world of yours, so in need. Continue to pray, my beloveds. Continue to listen. Continue with your yearnings for God. In this way, all that is meant to flow through you and into you will be given in abundance and in light.

I am Mary. I love you so, children of God. I love you so. I am with you often. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you all in Love.
