---
title: "The Way to Heaven: Choosing Light Over Darkness"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Way to Heaven: Choosing Light Over Darkness"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Way to Heaven: Choosing Light Over Darkness

October 19<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

God bless you, my beloved students. I am your teacher, Augustine. How wonderful it is to see so many from different parts of your world, each one a seeker, each one diligent in their efforts to grow in the Father's Love. In my day, my world was small. It was not as small as you might think. Still, for others to gather from different parts of the known world, it would take a great deal of effort. Yet, we gathered at times.

The human condition, the motivations of man, have not changed much over those hundreds of years. There is still a desire for power and control, for wealth, for gratification. All the sins of humanity continue to be expressed in all the multitude of ways that that expression may come. Yet, because you are all so well informed, you see those gross errors readily in your world. There are always those who are humble and meek, wishing to live their lives with integrity and honesty, and they are the majority of individuals.

Yes, many do create darkness in their lives as a result of mimicking the human condition and all its ways of bringing darkness. Yet, our Heavenly Father is a forgiving God. Many of these transgressions are forgiven when the individual passes into spirit and realises the follies of their ways. When those follies are somewhat minor, the progression is swift. Yet, when individuals who seek power and control of countries, states and institutions, their lot is not so easily remedied. Remember, even though you have distaste and judgement of those who are obviously in darkness, what rewards will they reap when they pass into spirit? I can assure you, they will not be in the lighter planes of spirit. Rather, they will reap the whirlwind, for their actions have created much darkness and their souls are withered by it.

You, my beloved and beautiful students of truth, are true seekers. The true seekers in the world, whether it be now or in my day, often reap great rewards when they enter into the spirit world. As you pray for this great gift of Divine Love, as your souls are heightened and strengthened in Love and light, that place where you will reside in the spirit world will make you joyful indeed. For this gift of Love purifies even when you have no intent to purify. This gift of Love awakens your soul. In this, the soul's desires for God are expressed and known to your conscious self. In this, you become a light, a channel of love for God, whether or not you intentionally set out to do so. It is a part of you and an expression of you that will flow as you walk upon the Earth. For those of you who make concerted efforts to bring the Truth of God and His Love to those you meet, oh how you are loved, how we acknowledge you and how God loves you.

My beloved students of truth, seekers of light, channels of love, you are truly loved. In this love, in the efforts that are made on your behalf, the prayers and the guidance as we follow you upon this earthly plane, as we come to be close and to utilise you with the gifts that you carry, you draw more light to yourselves. You draw a beautiful gift of light that fosters love, compassion, wisdom and joy within. Even though the human condition continues to batter upon the walls of your being, the light that you carry, the attitudes that you have, the thoughts that are a part of you, the motivations and the desires of the soul, all of these things that bring light, bring to you protection and strength and the wisdom to discern what is of light and what is of darkness. You may live your life cocooned in light. The only thing that will nullify this beautiful condition is your own concerted efforts to indulge in the darkness. Those dark spirits and dark influences of the material world have no power upon you, provided you choose light always.

I know this is difficult, my beloved students, to choose light in every situation, to choose compassion rather than judgement, to choose love over anger, to choose all that which is in harmony with the Laws of Love over the easy indulgences of the flesh and the mind. My beloved students, you carry the truth within you. You walk in the truth. You are an example of truth. Do not allow anything that is contrary to truth to enter into your thoughts and your deeds. Be true to your soul's desire for God and to be in harmony, to be in alignment with your Heavenly Father. This is the true road to happiness. This is the true expression of the highest aspects of yourself, of God's creation. Be that truth, my beloved friends. Be that light, life, and oh, what joy will come to you in this state of being and expression. Indeed, you will come to know your true self in such intricate detail, in such exquisite beauty, in such wondrous capacities, that you will scarcely know yourself, that limited self that your material mind has constructed as a result of your earthly life and the information that has been given to you, that which you have absorbed from an early age, that reality that you subscribe to, which is not truly the reality of God.

These things are diminishing day by day and the strength and reality of the soul and the soul's perception of the world of God's creation are strengthening with each day. You will find in times to come that your vision of truth will be strong and clear, that your desire for truth will intensify with each day, that your capacity to live truth will truly be a natural part of your being and expression. You are becoming light, true lights in the world. When that time comes to enter into our world, you will reap great rewards. You will not be subject to the trials and tribulations of the lower spheres of spirit like so many must do and comply with. You will be free and know the joys of that freedom, the freedom of the soul that knows the Love of the Father. That Love liberates, transforms and makes one whole.

As one who has experienced the lower planes and the higher planes of spirit, as well as the Celestial Kingdom, I say to you, strive toward the light and you will not know the suffering of those lower planes. In time, you will enter into the Celestial Kingdom and truly be brothers and sisters in a place that is filled with love and joy, filled with truth and filled with God. You will earn this, my beloved and beautiful students, through every prayer and every act of love and kindness, every challenge met, every condition released. You earn your way to heaven. May you find your way swiftly and sidestep many of the lessons and errors that are so much a part of this world of yours. Be true to God and God will show you the swift way toward harmony, light and truth. You will know great peace, wonder and joy.

God bless you, my beloved students. Your teacher, Augustine, reminds you of the way to heaven and how with your diligence and efforts, you may earn a rightful place in light and freedom of pain and struggles and know the joy that this Love brings. God bless you, my beloved and beautiful seekers of truth and light. Augustine loves you and is there by your side to assist you. God bless you. God bless you all in His Love.
