---
title: "Pray without Ceasing"
menu_title: ""
description: "Pray without Ceasing"
date: 2025-08-28 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Pray without Ceasing

August 10<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Online Circle of Light, Nashville, TN, USA

Luke received by Jimbeau Walsh

My dear brothers and sisters, I come. I am Luke.

I wish to acknowledge the beautiful message on prayer and its importance, and its deeper import, not only to each soul but to the conditions of the world. There has been much requested of each one to understand the true relationship between the individual soul and its Creator. You come together in these circles of light that you may be in communion as one in the Father’s love. This was our practice when I walked the earth with my brothers and sisters. It is mentioned in my writings but most particularly in what is referred to as The Acts, where if one reads between the lines, there is a constant reminding of going into prayer; some were prayers for protection, but more often, prayers to be in the grace of God, and in the case of those who were being martyred, a prayer to feel that grace beyond the physical, that one’s soul would be in alignment with heaven and above the world.

I wrote ‘pray without ceasing’ and the deeper import of that is with fervor, devotion, for no amount of reading about this or discussing it, analyzing it, or seeking more knowledge about it will be as efficacious as receiving the love of God through direct engagement of your soul’s longings with the heavenly Father. It is not the words, but the intention. Those of you who have come to this circle and this community of blessed souls have often come through crisis, some feeling at the end of their rope, as you say, others just in the despair of disconnect, of loneliness, of failure, of regret. That moment not only brought the heart of God to your heart but drew us, those of us committed to serve you in soulful ways, as well as those spirits who have taken on the assignment of protecting you, bringing you the material needs you require, and so forth.

If you can do one thing, pray, with all your heart, with all your soul, that God may touch you and as encouraged in the beautiful message read earlier, when you are engaged in the grace of God, bring that to others, to the world so bereft of Divine Love, so in need of harmony and peace. When you feel the joy and freedom that comes with the bestowal of God’s love in your soul, know that joy awaits all those who may or may not know it but who long for the divine connection, for the inflowing of the love of God, beyond this world, beyond the words, in the simplicity of true prayer.

Dear God, we ask that you open up our souls to the great infilling and inflowing of your essence, your Divine Love, that we may be changed, and that we may be at one with thee in very substance and a blessing to this world. I shall step back in this prayer with you, in the grace of God, and in His love.

I am your brother and friend in Christ, a redeemed soul, and a celestial angel.

I am Luke. God bless you.
