---
title: "A Lesson on Achieving Harmony Through Unity"
menu_title: ""
description: "A Lesson on Achieving Harmony Through Unity"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# A Lesson on Achieving Harmony Through Unity

November 8<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

May there be unity amongst you, my friends. I am Orion. On your earthly plane, there is such diversity of thought. Each individual clings to their own ideas and perspectives with tenacity and stubbornness that makes them less willing to be homogenised with others. For many of you, it is a sin to acquiesce to the common good or the common thought. This is so different from our world, where we have great unity of thought and deed, and we are in harmony together. Here the divisions are rampant and everywhere. It is thus understandable that you would have strong opinions and strong motivations to express those opinions in your life.

Yet, within the soul, there is a harmonising factor, that of the great gift of God's Love. This gift brings truth to the soul. It brings Love to the soul. It brings unity with others. The soulful perspective is very different from that of the mind. We have told you this many times. The mind predominates in your world and in your lives. The differences continue to be cultivated each day as you live your life the way that you choose. Indeed, this is a gift, to be able to choose, but it is not necessarily beneficial for the work that you have designated to do. For if you were to accomplish this great gift of Direct Voice as a body, as a group, and you come into the world with different perspectives and ideas that are sometimes contrary to one another, then you do not present a cohesive body, one that is in harmony.

This is of some concern for us. We do not wish for you to release your ideas because we have asked you to. This is not the case. Strength comes with a commonality of perspective, a commonality of thought and intention. Unless there is that commonality, there is no strength in the body as a whole. There is division and that cannot be productive for the work that we are doing. I urge you, my beloved friends, to seek to ameliorate that division with love, with honouring one another and yet finding those points of commonality that can be reinforced and strengthened so that you are in greater harmony together. Individuality is a very powerful theme in your culture. With this comes individual thought and motivation. There is a great need to stand out in the crowd as an individual, to not be judged as one who follows the crowd like a sheep. I can assure you that each of you are strong in this regard. In fact, in my mind, it is somewhat amusing that you strive so much to be individual. You strive so much to stand out and you are deeply offended when another does not agree with your perspective.

I say to you, my friends, disagreement is good, for it brings a different perspective to the conversation. It brings some desire to have harmony rather than disharmony. Because if one is truly integral in their perspective and they are challenging, it is because they seek harmony and peace rather than disharmony and discomfort. Yet, the mind plays its part, does it not, seeking dominance, seeking power and seeking to be right? If the individual has humility, then they too will seek harmony and commonality. The points of argument amongst you, although they are rarely spoken, are often inconsequential ideas and perspectives. In the bigger picture, you are all in sync with the motivation of the soul and the development of the soul.

It is the differences of mindful constructs, ideas, that cause disruption and even a lack of trust. I urge you to be open with one another, my beautiful friends, to seek to resolve these minor issues. They may seem big within your mindful perspective, but in truth, on the journey of the soul, which is endless as it receives this great gift of Love, the ideas of the mind are fleeting and virtually of no consequence, given this perspective. I urge you to let go of the stubbornness and the insistence of the mind and its perspectives. Embrace the truth of the soul and the beautiful harmony that this creates within you and with others. It is harmony that is most important here. If you are to work together, if you are to accomplish your goal of manifestations. It will not happen if you are fractured and your ideas are disparate. It can only happen with love, harmony and reverence, deep reverence for one another, and a measure of tolerance. For with tolerance, there is not argument, but truth in its own rendition, given from each perspective.

We continue as humans, working together in a very human world filled with many flaws, conditions and disharmonies. Yet, we have encouraged you greatly to seek out harmony and peace, truth and love. Be that loving agent for one another, and as you work together, that loving agent for the world, and all will unfold as it should. All will be in accordance with a great plan that is overlaid on your lives and upon the lives of everyone on your Earth. If you cannot aspire toward this plan and let go of the egoistic ideas, perspectives that are not in harmony with this plan, then you will not accomplish your goals together. This does not mean that you may not venture forth on your own or in small groups, but if you are to be a true cohesive group, then the disparate parts must fall away and be replaced with love, harmony and peace.

This is a great challenge for you, my friends, a great challenge indeed. The world conspires to reinforce these mindful conceits and you are swept up in the currents of these conditions. I say to you, be aware. Be introspective. Be aware of what you say and do, as truly the litmus test of your own condition and your own aspirations. Be true to your souls, for the answers lie there, not in mindful speculations, but in soulful awareness and truth. This is where you must go, my friends. Soul is the key to everything and the mind, in time, will acquiesce. It is your time to truly be honest and forthright and clear, so that your perspective in all levels and ways may harmonise with your brothers and sisters, that you may be one body, expressing the great truth of the soul and the great Truth that God is Love and that this Love may be expressed in every part of you and every aspect of your life.

May you be blessed upon this journey, my beloved friends. God is blessing and guiding you. God shall continue to do so. It is your receptivity, your desire, your efforts and your thoughts that make the difference in whether God's intentions will be realised for you or not. It is your choice, as always, and a great gift to walk upon this path that God has presented to you, a path we all walk upon together and shall do so in love and in ever greater harmony. God bless you, my friends. Orion loves you and continues to encourage you toward greater harmony, peace and truth. Blessings of love to each one. God bless you.
