---
title: "Orion Shares His Fervent Prayers for our Awakening in this Coming Year"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion Shares His Fervent Prayers for our Awakening in this Coming Year"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Orion Shares His Fervent Prayers for our Awakening in this Coming Year

December 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

May peace be with you, my friends. I am Orion.
Peace is a hard-won thing in your world. My desire for you is to know peace, especially in a world that is not at peace and that seems to foster chaos more than anything. With that peace, may love grow in your hearts, may you know your Creator well and be in alignment with all this, that which is of creation, all that which is of God's great Soul and all that which is of your great soul.

For in this alignment will come the fulfilment of your prayers, your desires and your service to God and humanity. It comes as you continue to awaken. Indeed, in the coming year, much will be awakened within you, my beloved friends. Much of God's plan will find its true lodging within you, that you will truly be along this path of service and awakening, of helping others to awaken and to be a channel of blessings for many. It is my fervent hope that manifestations will take place through each of you, that this material proof that is so desired on your Earth be given, so that many will not doubt but be inspired to pursue the awakening of their own souls and that many in their awakening will help awaken others that it might be a crest fire of awakening, of cultivating love, of being in harmony with the creation of this universe of ours.

You, my beloved friends, are capable of this, of igniting that fire, of being the catalyst. This is my fervent prayer for all of you, for all of the world, that you may all awaken to the true meaning of life, the true gift of a soul and what that means in your life. For as you continue to grow and progress upon life's path, my fervent hope is that you will open your eyes, your perceptions and the wisdom of your soul, awakening the capacity to truly love God, to truly love yourself and to truly love those around you will grow, deepen and become the true fountainhead of your being, pouring love into all, pouring love into everything you do, pouring love to God as God pours His Love to you. It is a simple act, but it cannot be fabricated. It must be true and real.

My fervent prayer is that the reality of Love will truly be yours, my friends, in all its wonderment, all its glory, all its Truth, all its power, that it may be yours and it may continue to grow. For this journey does not end and it will not end, but carry you through eternal life, the future of which would be difficult for you to comprehend, my friends. Yet, it stands ready to embrace you, to enfold you in the great journey of the transformation, awakening of your soul, the at-onement with your Creator, the beauty of love realised within you. It is all there, my friends, beyond the veil of the flesh, beyond the reckonings of the mind, to the true and clear perceptions and consciousness of the soul. You are inching forward and we are with you. With all your triumphs, all your accomplishments, we join you and we are joyful for you.

God bless you, my beautiful friends. I am Orion, your friend, your true friend. I shall remain your true friend for eternity. Blessings to you as you gather. My love is with you. God bless you.
