---
title: "This Place is Among Many Centres of Light in God's Plan"
menu_title: ""
description: "This Place is Among Many Centres of Light in God's Plan"
date: 2025-12-07 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# This Place is Among Many Centres of Light in God's Plan

November 14<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Happy Days Farm Retreat, Dallas, UR, USA

Orion received by Al Fike

So you have had your tour, my friends. I am Orion. There are many efforts being made to set up Centres of Light in the world, refuges and Centres of Light, areas that are sanctuaries. God does not initiate a plan of change in the world without efforts to be made to salvage and to protect children, souls who are open and receptive to God's plan. Thus, you have witnessed some of the efforts being made in conjunction with beautiful spirits who know this land well and who have been guardians of this land for many, many hundreds of years.

We work with them. We work with your Celestial Angels. We work with many to create conditions favourable for those who will be in essence refugees from a changing and disruptive world. Yet here, as you have seen, aspects and elements of protection and benefit in an energetic way for those who inhabit this place and who will come, will surely manifest in surprising ways, will come to help and educate and awaken many. This place will be known. Indeed, as more come, our dear hosts will have those willing to support them and to help them in the work that will manifest soon.

They begin. They prepare with many ways and things to do to help create the facilities and the abilities to bless others in light, even in material means, so that these refugees are uplifted and protected, cared for and educated. Education is very important, for they must know about the Truths of God's universe. They must understand about their souls, what it means to have a soul and how to awaken a soul. All of these blessings have been applied to this place in order to open up the floodgates for those who will come seeking and who desire the light and the light of truth.

Many are coming. There will be times when our dear hosts will feel overwhelmed, but they will not be overwhelmed. They will be guided and shown the way, what must be done, how you may facilitate the blessings and the support that is required of God. I urge you to be receptive to your guidance, to have faith in that guidance, to walk the land with a reverence and love that will grow, and an understanding of what God has placed here will grow.  My beloved friends, do you not feel a greater unity amongst you now, after you have prayed together and walked and seen and heard of those things that God has provided in this place? You come to this sanctuary and you shall benefit from it, as will many.

May you be blessed. Indeed, I will be willing to answer questions if you wish to set aside some time for this in the time that you have together. I do not expect such things to roll off your tongue so readily at this moment, but I would be willing to entertain questions at some point. God bless you, my friends. How blessed you are to know the secrets that are of this place, to know the secrets that are of God's plan, to know the secrets of your soul. God bless you and keep you in the light of all things of God's creation, so that there will never be secrets kept from you, but knowledge and truth given freely, as His Love continues to flow readily, powerfully into your souls. God bless you, my friends. My love is with you. I honour you in your openness, receptivity and faith. I honour you because we are truly brothers and sisters. I honour you because we are all children of God. God bless you, beloved souls. God bless you.
