---
title: "Small Choices Can Bring Great Changes"
menu_title: ""
description: "Small Choices Can Bring Great Changes"
date: 2025-06-22 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Small Choices Can Bring Great Changes

May 24<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

May the blessings of the Father's Love continue to inflow into your souls, for this is the source of great change within you and shall be forevermore. I am your friend, Orion. I come to speak of change, the source of change within you and around you.

Change often begins with a very small event, some effort, some thought, some deed, that may grow and gain momentum until it becomes a dynamic force in your life. These simple thoughts, these simple decisions, can bring about events unanticipated and tremendous in scope in your life and in the lives of those around you. So it is with the world. Seemingly small events may create tremendous results, powerful results that affect everyone on the planet. So it is when God brings change to the world. God brings change through individuals, through influence and through blessings. Those individuals who are in alignment with God may be great change agents in the world.

It is our hope that each one of you will become one of those change agents. A simple choice today may bring tremendous results tomorrow. A simple effort to pray today to receive the gift of the Essence of God's Soul today, as it accumulates, as it grows, a momentum day by day, may bring these results that are life changing for you and, to some degree, changing the world in general. It is important to realise the power that you carry through choice, the power that you carry through your actions and the power that is inherent in a world that is filled with many choices and many actions. You must realise that in the simplicity of following the Laws of God's Love, of following the inclinations of your soul, of listening to the guidance from God, these are the seeds of change that may bear fruit, that may bring those conditions and those realities around you, within you and through you that will bring change to the world.

Indeed, we speak of change often. We speak of a changing world. We speak of the changing conditions within you, within your soul. We speak of the dynamic forces that are part of creation, that bring about shifts in consciousness, changes in behaviour and greater love for the world. These all begin with small choices, seemingly inconsequential efforts, a shift that is subtle and yet will, in time, bring powerful results. Within the world, there is a momentum of change. There is a collective of thought and deed that is exerting its forces  upon the world. These elements of change come from the source of all. This is the result of God's influence and Touch upon many in your world. Within that influence, the kernel of God's intention will sprout many beautiful flowers in God's garden, changing the landscape, changing each individual ever so slightly in the beginning, but will grow and cause tremendous change and a great shift within the individual. In that shift, comes the resulting actions and efforts that, combined with others, will bring a change of consciousness to the world.

Your efforts in prayer have brought us close. Would you ever have imagined this years ago in your life? Now, we are on the precipice of great change. As the dominoes fall, the dominoes that are affected by one domino touching another, touching another, until all are flattened. Yes, the change at this moment seems subtle. When you look around you, you do not see much that is of great significance in terms of changing the consciousness of humanity. Yet, the dominoes are beginning to fall, my friends. As that momentum grows, you will see the results. Some of them may be horrifying and some may be exhilarating. If humanity is truly to change, then all aspects of human behaviour will be affected. You will see the horror and the beauty, for this is what humanity is. You will recognise and assimilate the changes as being part of God's plan. You will conduct yourselves accordingly.

Indeed, what is important when you observe these changes is to accentuate that which is positive and constructive and be detached from that which is not. For if you engage in both, the neutralising effect of that engagement will not allow you to move forward. Be detached from the darkness. If you are an agent to dispel darkness, then most certainly follow what you are compelled to do. Yet, first and foremost, most importantly, you must be a light. In being a light, you are an agent of change. You are that beautiful soul that is seeking alignment with the great Oversoul. In this alignment, you become an active agent of God, a part truly of the change that is needed and is coming.

Think of your actions each day, beloved souls. Think of the consequences of them. Think of your thoughts each day and those consequences that come. Think of the choices you have made and continue to make, and how important and crucial they are to your lives. Think how God has chosen you, beloveds, chosen you in love and puts great effort forth to help you grow in love, in the awakening of your souls. This is the root of change. When change happens within, it is inevitable that it will flourish and be expressed in all parts of you and through you. You become a changed person. In that, you are an active agent to ignite change in others. The effects of change spread one to another, the flow of love strengthening, growing, brightening and having its effects, bringing comfort, change and awakening.

This is God's plan, to infect the world with Love and, in doing so, bringing great change to the world. You have been infected, beloved souls. You know the bliss that is His Love. You are that soul that has been touched deeply by what God wishes to give. Be true to that core that is you, that soul that you are. Great change will manifest in many different ways, often surprising, sometimes completely unexpected. Yet, change happens. This is inevitable. This is part of the law, that progress continues for eternity, that change happens continually. You are a part of a great flow of momentum of change that has engulfed the world. In your recognition of this, listen to your soul, for within your soul is great wisdom and also great joy, because there is the possibility and the probability of great change within you, the evolution of your being from rudimentary conditions to conditions of great light and wisdom, joy and love.

You are a microcosm of the world, my beloved friends, a world that has chosen light and love. This is what we wish for everyone. This is what God wants for everyone. You are the example, the proof, the outcome of a small decision, a decision to ask your Creator to bless you with His Essence. You are today the results of what happened yesterday and the day before. The days to come will be an example of the choices made on this day. We continue in this journey, the journey of soul awakening, the journey of cultivating Love, the journey of being a light. We do this together and so it shall be each and every day.

God's Love is great beyond anything you could imagine. Our love is great, great and directed toward you, the love of the angels directed toward you. Love beams upon you from every direction. Every opportunity for love to flourish and to affect your being is given freely and abundantly. May you continue to respond favourably and enthusiastically to what is happening to you and to walk with greater confidence and faith that God's Hand is truly upon you. How blessed and favoured you are, my beloved friends, not because God has decided that you are to be favoured, but you have decided to be favoured by your actions and your choices. You are a light, and so it is that light draws us and many others close to you, responding in affection and a desire to uplift and to uphold you on the journey.

I am your friend, Orion. Yes, I love you so, beautiful lights in the world. Continue to glow. Continue to favour God. You will be the agents of change. Blessings to you, my friends, deep and abiding Love flowing into you for eternity.
