---
title: "Ascend Beyond the Consciousness of the Material Mind"
menu_title: ""
description: "Ascend Beyond the Consciousness of the Material Mind"
date: 2025-09-01 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Ascend Beyond the Consciousness of the Material Mind

August 26<sup>th</sup>, 2025

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Greetings and blessings to you, my beloved friends. I am Orion. Oh, how the material mind is revered in your world, especially the western world. This reverence started eons ago in Europe and the Middle East and has travelled around the world since that time, where the idea of consciousness was explored by philosophers and wise men. As such, it has fostered the development of the material mind and what you call the ego, in the direction toward material consciousness. You have developed extensive vocabularies; you have many definitions and ideas about the material world. Your scientists have explored it thoroughly. Your philosophers explore the ideas of the mind thoroughly. Your academics and educators teach the philosophy and ideas that have evolved over many years. Thus, within the minds of men, the world has been well-defined, and the consciousness of man follows those definitions in far more detail than what is possible with the consciousness that may be available to humanity.

We have come and so have many others to help break that mould, that idea of consciousness and mindful explorations of the material world. For this is only one small part of what is possibly the experience of life. Human consciousness has great limitations when the mind is all that is revered and explored. We come to you to tell you about other possibilities. We come to implore you to seek out your soul and the consciousness of soul and to do so by receiving that great gift from God, His Love. For the conscious man is like a balloon that is partly inflated. There is some vitality to it, but it does not rise up into the atmosphere the way it is meant to. What is needed for the balloon to expand, grow and become extremely vital, is missing in most cases, not because it is not available, but because many are ignorant of its availability and many do not seek it as a result.

This balloon is somewhat pathetic in its appearance. It lacks the great potentials that are available. It does not float into the air graciously and with the propulsion of that which is required to enliven that balloon. You have discovered the ways and means of inflating your soul, that consciousness that is part of your overall consciousness. You have sought to find ways and means of continued expansion and awakening so that you may float up into the heavens and the realms of God Consciousness, becoming truly a part of it and travelling through it rather than being stuck upon the Earth plane and its extreme limitations.

I urge you to continue in your endeavours, for each day that you pray each day to receive the great elixir of God’s Love, so your soul expands, becomes lighter, is more buoyant within the world of God. In this way, you may travel and discover many things. A part of you that can expand begins to awaken in its expansion. It becomes vital and potent in its expansion. We are able to communicate with you in ways that are not limited by this material form because your soul and its faculties begin to awaken to its potentials. The hearing, seeing, knowing of the soul begins to awaken like a newborn babe born into the world. Eyes slowly opening, consciousness, mindfulness and all that is of that child begins its journey to awakening.

You have found that which will give you the balance and what is required to expand in all the ways and directions that are available to you. It is important that you nurture your soul, seeking that expansion with every prayer, even every breath. For what you were in the past, a somewhat undeveloped and withered creature, this is now becoming something new and beautiful, vital and alive, no longer withered. You are expanding in true spiritual ways that bring love, consciousness, understanding, truth, awareness, feelings and knowings that are truly of the soul. You are becoming God’s creature. Indeed, even though God has given you free will to be of your own in the way of your own making, you have chosen to seek out God to assist you in your own transformation and awakening. This you must share with others. Our great goal is to share this with others in ways that they may hear, know and understand, that they may be inspired, that they may truly follow the path that you follow. Even though each individual has their own unique path, there is a direction that, when followed, will bring this expansion of the soul, the awakening of the soul.

We continue in our efforts, our journey, our expansion. For even those of us who have known this great gift from childhood and have had no impediments towards receiving it, are continuing to expand and grow in Love. The universe is expanding and growing in love. You are part of this universe and will remain a part of it for eternity. We grow together, beloved and beautiful friends. We are part of a wondrous journey of awakening and expansion, the consciousness of soul dominating the feeble consciousness of the mind, giving insights, truthful understandings, feelings and knowings that will truly change your perspective and your life.

My beloved friends, I am happy and grateful that I have friends on Earth who understand this journey, but I so long to share this with others, to help them along this path of expansion and awakening so that many on your Earth may know it and benefit from it. I cannot do this alone, because those on Earth do not know me or see me or require you as intermediaries, as do many others who are also seeking to teach humanity the true journey toward growth. We continue together on this beautiful path, seeking to enliven the aspects of the soul within you, within us, so that we may work together in unison and in grace.

We are all God’s children, seeking to serve, seeking to be a light. You, on this Earth plane with your struggles, your attainments and all that brings you joy. We, in this other place seeking connection, seeking to awaken and stimulate the awareness of many others on your world. We do work together. We will continue to work together. We will find ways and means of opening up channels and portals so that humanity, through its limited consciousness, may have a glimpse, a possibility of knowing this great truth and knowing that there is life in the universe everywhere.

May we all be blessed in our pursuits to bring this truth to humanity, the Truth of the great Divine Love. May we find the ways and means, guided by God, to give, to share, to exemplify all that is of this Truth. I stand by you as you stand by us in your consistent and fervent ways to be within the blessings of God, the blessings of service and the awakening of truth, transformation of the soul. It is at your fingertips, my beloved friends. Receive with all earnestness this gift. We will progress further as the changes take place, both within you and around you. Blessings to you, my friends. I am Orion, and I love you so. God bless you in love.
