---
title: "Your Service to God "
menu_title: ""
description: "Your Service to God "
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Your Service to God 

July 24<sup>th</sup>, 2025

One Nation Circle of Light, Liverpool, NY, USA

Paul received by Elizabeth Mack

I am Paul. Yes, I live high up in the Celestial Heavens. I wrote the epistles and I received God's Divine Love while I walked the Earth. I spoke about this gift of the Father for all His children. I spoke about it because my soul compelled me to do so. My soul would not be quiet about the Love of God.

You too, children, will come to that place where your soul moves you to reach out so very tenderly to your brothers and sisters and rejoice with them about the gifts that are available to them. Some of whom will have received this gift of Divine Love but will be unaware of it. You will be surprised, delighted, to meet a fellow Divine Love soul upon this Earth and be able to speak to them about the joy that they feel and where it comes from. You will be able to teach them about the Love of God and the many forms in which it is expressed. You will enjoy your work as channels of Love. You will enjoy the time you spend in service to God and, as you know, you can be healed of those things which get in the way of this enjoyment.

Spend time in your soul. Spend time asking God to develop your soul in that Love, that you may bring that Love to others and share and express what you have within you. You will all do this one day. Your eyes are open. All you need to do is open your soul and be there, letting your love flow out continuously. God will provide you with all the opportunities to express your love as you walk this Earth. I am one who can attest to this truth. As you grow in your Love, you will be compelled*, right word, as I was compelled. It will be the most comfortable thing to be compelled by your soul to express your Love every moment, every day, throughout your life of service to God.

May God bless you more and more each day. May you be open more and more each day. I am your brother, Paul of Tarsus, and I thank you for listening. God bless you.
