---
title: "Brings a Message of Great Encouragement"
menu_title: ""
description: "Professor Salyards Brings a Message of Great Encouragement"
date: 2023-06-14 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Brings a Message of Great Encouragement

July 12<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike   


Greetings to you, my beloved and beautiful friends; I am Professor Salyards and I come to encourage you, to help uplift you. Though many of you are enjoying a beautiful summer’s day and you must wonder, what is the need for this upliftment, for the changing that must come, the healing of your world, when the world, in this bright sunshine, reflects such beauty and blessings from God? Yet I know each of you faces your challenges, faces those dilemmas and difficulties that hold you back from truly embracing the Light of God, the Presence of God, the Love of God to such a degree that every day would feel like this day, that you would feel the joy, the expansion and the happiness that comes when you are truly in alignment with God. Yet with each day you make those efforts to release the conditions that are not in alignment with God, and every day you pray for the great gift of His Love to help transform you and heal you. What more can you do, my friends, than to set your sights, your focus, your desires, on such upliftment and truth, to ask to be an instrument for God and to do so with great dedication, a fearless commitment to the Will of God and God‘s plan?

Indeed, you ask and ask and the progress seems slow in your mind, and yet when we observe you and see the progress that you make, it does not seem slow at all. Rather, you are progressing steadily and upwards. The light increases within you. Unfortunately, it is the expectations of your mind that often insists on certain aspects and expressions that indicate great progression, and so when these things, the expectations of your mind do not come in alignment with what is so, you feel somewhat disappointed and feel that you have been inadequate in your efforts. I say to you, my friends, you are making great efforts.

It is obvious if you look at your own life, if you monitor your prayers and your efforts and your thoughts, you know that on many occasions, these things are directed towards God and you are making that effort and that dedication required, and yet, the world does not change before you in some miraculous way. Although many of you are receiving insights and experiences that are intense, and powerful. Some of you feel as if your life is at a standstill in regard to your personal spiritual progression. Yet, I say to you that you are not standing still. None of you are standing still upon this path. 

Now, your pace is different in accordance to each of your journeys. Your expectations are different and your experiences are different. This reflects the unique character of each soul and each personality. Indeed, what is consistent is the blessing of God‘s Love within each of your souls. It is a powerful aspect of this gathering of souls, and it will serve you well in the future, my friends, for God will utilize the light that is growing within you to such a degree that you will be astounded by the outcomes. The mind will indeed be satisfied, and yet this is not our goal to satisfy the expectations of your mind, it is to encourage and nurture the expressions of your soul. This is God’s Plan, to have your soul so in light, so developed and opened in the great elixir which is God’s Love, that your perspective, your reality, will truly reflect this and be in great alignment with God and His reality.
Yet as you progress, as God blesses each of you, it is important to realize and to absorb, both with your mind and your soul, the fact that all of your progress with your soul’s progression. Whether it be the very cells in your body or your mind, your personality, your soul, your spirit, all of these things are a reflection of this powerful Love, this Divine Energy that is transformative and healing. As you transform, drop by drop, this incremental progression, it is hard to acknowledge and to recognize the intensity and depth of this progression. But it comes in dribs and drabs, it comes with openings and unexpected blessings and insights. It comes with every prayer. It comes when you reflect upon how you are responding to life and life’s challenges. Unless you are obstinately ignoring these changes within your attitudes and your mind and your soul, then it becomes obvious that the person you were some years back is different from who you are today. This is a sign of a progression, is it not, my friends?

You will continue to come to see how this progression has its effects and influence upon you, your conscious self. And as always, the battle between the mind and the soul continues, that tug-of-war, one towards the mindful conscious approach and that of the soul’s approach to life. Can you see that the soul is getting stronger and is able to draw the consciousness in more often than it used to? Can you not see that the mind is calming down, its fears and desires for dominance are continuing to lessen with each day? You will find this to be so as each day passes, and one day you will wake up to the understanding that indeed, your soul is dominating your consciousness. Not so by the willful approach that the mind takes, but because the love growing within your soul is overshadowing everything within you. That beautiful Light will determine your thoughts, your deeds, your state of being, and this state of being will predominantly be joy, will be deep wisdom, will be a reflection of faith and trust in God. These things will come as you grow, my friends, and you are growing. You are growing beautifully. 

May God bless you on that journey. May you come to see your true selves, how magnificent you are, how magnificent a creature that God has created, this beautiful individual soul that is you, and how you are loved, my beloved friends, how you are loved and nurtured and cared for. You will continue to be in that light of care and nurturing. You will find your place as God’s instruments. The opening of your gifts, the beautiful expression of gifts that have been implanted within you, these things will flower and be beautiful, so beautiful that those who are close will be drawn to its beauty and those from far away will be drawn as well. For God has a great plan that all will know the truth of His Love, and you will be a part of this plan and know your place within it, without doubt. You will be sure within this place, and strong and clear. Love will color everything. Joy will be your condition, a reflection of the light within you and love, love will flow through you in abundance.

May God bless you, my friends, I am Professor Salyards. It is an honor for me to be a part of this group of souls, both in the spirit and in the flesh, that are working together to bring light to the world, truth to the world, to open every soul to God and the wonders of God’s Touch and Love upon them. God bless you, my friends, my love is with you always. God bless you.