---
title: "The Embers of Love Burning in Your Souls Are Felt Around the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Samuel says The Embers of Love Burning in Your Souls Are Felt Around the World"
date: 2023-08-26 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# The Embers of Love Burning in Your Souls Are Felt Around the World
March 13<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike   


God be upon you, beloved children, I am Samuel. God is stoking the fires of love within each one of you. Throughout the world are these beautiful fires burning as you carry this light within you and God intends that each of these flames will grow and its brightness will be seen by many. It is the beginning of the transformation of the world, my friends. You carry the seeds of that transformation within you as you continue to dedicate yourselves to these truths of love and walk in the world as examples of this truth, carrying the light of God’s blessings upon you and through you. So you are assisting God in His great plan to transform the world, to bring it beyond this place of darkness, grayness and error to a place of vitality and love and peace.

Though you may not see your role at this time, it may not be clear and it may not have, for you, direction and directives. Yet, my friends, as you continue to walk with this light within you and nurture this flame, the way will come clear and the road will be straight and lit by God’s intentions and guidance for you. For now, you must walk in faith, feeling somewhat blind and unsure of your steps.  I tell you, however, that as time approaches, a clarity will come and a strength and a vitality will be born within you and reach your consciousness in ways that will clarify all your steps, all that you do.

God continues to seed the world with light. God is pouring His Light upon all within the world. He seeks for an awakening for His children. Yet,  because of the power of free will, He cannot force this awakening, only create the conditions, the atmosphere in which this awakening may be more readily accomplished and emerge in the consciousness of men. Of course, many will not heed this call but will go about their daily lives as they always have done and continue to be asleep within their souls. That great and beautiful gift that God has given each of His children may sleep and be dormant, yet,  God’s call continues to be given to His children and that call intensifies, becomes louder and the soul stirs, hearing the loving expression of God towards them. It is our hope that many will awaken, that many will come to see that they must change their ways, must walk a road that is more in harmony with love and purity and light. 
To have examples of this in the world is of the utmost importance. God continues to call you as He calls all your brothers and sisters. Many of you hear that call clearly, feel that stirring profoundly, understanding the purpose and meaning of it. I urge you to continue to seek understanding, to open yourselves to the deeper awarenesses of your soul and the alignment between your soul and God coming to the forefront of your awareness. So much may come to you at this time as God continues to bless the world. So this opens many avenues and doors of understanding, experience and awareness, of blessings and upliftment in your lives. 

Be free and be open, my beloved brothers and sisters. Step forward in the light. Be joyful in the light and have the faith and confidence that God is steering this world toward greater light and greater understanding. Since you are a part of this world, so you are reaping the benefits of His great gift to you. Open yourselves, beloved souls, constantly. Whenever the opportunity arises to pray, pray to receive this great gift of Divine Love. Pray to be enlightened and aware of God’s Will for you and God’s great Love for you.
The transformation of the world begins, my beloved and beautiful friends. May you be wholeheartedly and with great joy embrace this change. Embrace all that God is flowing towards you, all that is meant to come to you and to this world of yours. Seek to be guided as you are engaged and enlisted in the great plan for the transformation of humanity in this world. So much is coming and for you to be aware, to truly be enlightened of God’s plan, is a great boon to humanity. Though many may be touched and inspired, will stumble and be confused and will be in need of clarification, there will be a steadiness that will come from you, each of you as God’s instruments. You will find that God will guide you and enlist you in many ways. You will reach many souls with the message, the message that they are loved, the message that they must accept this gift of love and find their way toward greater truth and harmony in their lives. For it is the transformation of humanity which will transform the world. Humanity is a great power in the world, has great influence upon all that is within God’s creation, this world of yours. So humanity must change. It must find a way towards a greater alignment with God, greater understanding of His laws, greater resonance and harmony with love and light.

My beloved, beloved brothers and sisters, each of you has found your way to a great truth. Each of you has the opportunity to live this truth and to express this truth in your lives. May you take this invitation from God seriously. May you find your way upon a path that God has designated for you, utilizing your gifts and your instrumentality to help awaken humanity. You are needed at this time. God brings the message to your hearts and your souls that now is the time to let your light shine. Now is the time to step forward in truth and light. Yes, the world continues to be unready for this transformation, but you must be those who call out and say: *“Prepare yourselves, my brothers and sisters, be ready for what is coming.”* 

May God bless you on this journey of yours. May you continue to benefit from all the blessings that God has to give to you, all the support, all the love, all the light that God pours upon you and through His instruments of light. May you uphold and support one another, beloved souls. May you truly be blessed profoundly within your souls and come to know your true selves. I am with you on this journey. I am Samuel and I will continue to uphold you along with many of my brothers and sisters within the Celestial Kingdom. May God bless you and keep you in His Light. May you know profound peace, profound joy, profound love. God bless you. My love is with you. God bless you.