---
title: "You Must Come to Know the Difference between Your Minds and Your Souls to Achieve Your Goals"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Must Come to Know the Difference between Your Minds and Your Souls to Achieve Your Goals"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Must Come to Know the Difference between Your Minds and Your Souls to Achieve Your Goals

November 19<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

The thoughts and inclinations of humanity lead them down a path that is often not in alignment with what we wish for all of you upon the Earth plane. I am Orion. Capturing the hearts, thoughts, and souls of humanity is a formidable task. It requires many different approaches. It requires great effort. It requires dedicated individuals who walk upon this Earth plane and those who are able to access the higher expressions and light of those beyond this Earth plane.

How might this be accomplished? As you know, it is done by prayer. It is done by the development of your soul in Divine Love, the Essence of God igniting your higher self, your soulful self. So we have repeated often the need for dedicated prayer and the receptivity within your mind and soul for that which will be developed through these mechanisms and efforts. The key is your desire. Do you wish to proceed? If you do wish to proceed, are you able to sidestep those barriers, inclinations, and biases of the mind and open yourself fully to that of the soul? For it is within the soul that these gifts that you desire and pray for will be awakened and developed.

Though there are mechanical aspects to this development in order to be in alignment with the highest and manifest those of us who are of the light world, the truth of love. Whether it is us from other planets or those of you in the higher spheres of the earthly existence, it requires a deep alignment of your soul with the Great Source of All Love and Light. Without this, no matter how much you study, how many thoughts you have, and how much time you spend together, the goal cannot be accomplished for it begins with the awakening and development of your soul. It is the very foundational step that must be taken before those more subtle and varied gifts may be realized.

Indeed, material manifestation has been accomplished on your Earth plane. But when you look at what has been accomplished, it is more about entertainment than reaching the minds and souls of humanity and changing their perspective which is our intention, our goal.

Within your mind, you see and project an outcome, what you understand as being effective, valuable, and something you can ascribe toward. Your ambitions are great, my friends. It is a powerful aspect of life upon your Earth plane. Those who are successful in your world are ambitious people. They set their minds upon a goal. Those who accomplish their goals are often rewarded greatly and given accolades of acknowledgement.

Yet, this is a very different path toward the accomplishment of this goal that we share. It does not begin with the mind and the mind’s ambitions. It begins with the soul and the soul’s knowings and desires to serve God. In this way, the very act of visualizing and projecting outcomes with the mind is irrelevant. What is required is deep faith and trust and what we may accomplish together, what God has blessed upon us, and the opportunities that are open to us. It is a humble approach, a quiet approach. Yet, within the soul, it is an acclamation of truth, faith, and love.

Thus, the foundation is built in this way. Rather than that of setting the goal, it is built in allowing God to orchestrate that which is intended, that which God has planned for and will accommodate within each of you. Are you willing to let go of those ambitions and fantasies of the mind and dedicate yourself to the desires and knowings of the soul? Each day is a challenge in this regard. You may have many things flowing through your mind, this stream of consciousness that so desires to gather information and assemble it in a way that you feel satisfied and enamored with. At times, when guidance comes, you often blend this stream of consciousness with that which the soul knows and has received through guidance and information. Thereby this blending often obscures the guidance that is given and the clarity is lost.

It is important for you to focus on your soul perceptions, to be able to discern between the thoughts of your mind and the thoughts of your soul, for they both exist. Yet, often, that which is of the soul is ignored or misunderstood. If you are to be guided and be successful in these ventures, it is important to know discernment, to realize that there is quite a difference between a soul awakened and functioning in its many capacities and that of the mind which is of a two-dimensional nature, for the soul is multi-dimensional.

Are you willing to acquiesce to something that is indeed rather bland in nature and functioning? The mind serves its purpose, of course. But in conjunction with the soul, oh how you will soar and blossom in light and know the truth in ways that you, at this time, would find difficult to comprehend. The truth is waiting for you, my friends. It is waiting for your commitment to the soul, the awakening of the soul, the glorification of the soul so that you may step forward as beings, not of the material world but beings that are destined to be part of the transformed world that is coming.

I know we continue to encourage you to speak of these things, Your minds have great trouble comprehending the depths and fullness of that which we are encouraging you to comprehend. This is where faith steps in, my friends, to be able to walk this path with trust, dedication, and believing and having great faith in the journey. Each of you have experienced enough of these things of God that indeed faith cannot be that difficult to nurture and strengthen within you. So, I urge you again, as I will urge you many times, to continue in the awakening of your soul. Continue in your prayers and desires for the inflowing of this Essence of God to awaken you. The key is well-known to you. But I urge you to make it your life and continue to grow within this truth that brings all truth to light and clarity.

May God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. I thank you for coming together once again and listening to me as you do with faith, and at times, with patience for that which I have to say. As we progress together, the dialogue and the story will change. The information will reflect the evolution of your soul and its growth and transformation. As these messages are given, they are an indication and a milestone of your progress as a group and your progress individually. How you perceive these words that I speak through this instrument is indicative of soul perception or mindful consideration. Which shall it be, my beloved friends? Which shall it be?

At this time, it is both but for most of you, the mind dominates. My fervent hope is that it will be the soul that will dominate and integrate and absorb your material mind to such a degree that we can move beyond these basic lessons to something that I know you are eager for but are not ready to receive as yet, nor is this instrument developed enough to be a channel in this way. Yet, it is all possible given the great transformational process of the soul. So, we continue upon this journey, step-by-step and shall do so all the days of your lives, my beloved friends. That commitment I give to you and the angels give to you. All the days of your life, we shall persist. It is our hope that so shall you persist upon the Path Divine and grow within it. God bless you, my friends. My love, appreciation, and admiration are with you. God bless you.
