---
title: "Service to God"
menu_title: ""
description: "Service to God"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Service to God

April 14<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Soul Awakening Tour, Barbados

Andrew received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends, I am your friend Andrew. I wish to speak about service and how the exercise of your desire to serve humanity opens the door for God to use you in many ways. You are aware of my story in regards to Judas and how I helped him to climb out of the depths of hell into the Celestial Kingdom. It was my service to God to help my friend who made an egregious mistake to come to reconcile his despair in regards to his mistake. So I visited my friend many times while he was in this dark place and in time, he climbed into greater light and came to resolve his feelings and his guilt and all of those human conditions which weighed him down at the time. Now he is a fully fledged member of the Celestial Kingdom. And you know of him through his writings that have come down into your Earth plane through the beautiful instrument that he used. You see, service can come and be expressed in many different ways.

It is love, it was my love for my brother Judas that motivated me to make that long trek from the Celestial Heavens to the particular hell in which Judas was hiding. One that I did not do just occasionally or in one single visit but many, many times. So it is with the many angels of the Celestial Heavens. We make that journey to you. Not just once but many times. We leave the complete harmony and joy of the Celestial Kingdom to come to the earthly plane which is far from harmony and joy. But we come in love. We are motivated by love, we are motivated by God's Will which compels us to come to you, my beloved friends. I speak of these things to encourage you to reach out to your brothers and sisters on the earthly plane, to visit them and speak of the Truth of God's Love in whatever words and form may be acceptable to them so that they may come to know, as you know, this great blessing. This is service to God.

Of course, service may come in other ways by bringing comfort and support to those around you who are in need of the resources that you may give, whether that be of your physical presence or some other way to assist humanity. Humanity is in great need of upliftment, of encouragement, of love, of comfort, of many things, and as you beseech God to use you as His instrument, then God will instruct you in how and in what ways and means you may do so to uplift your brothers and sisters. So the world is reliant upon those beautiful souls of light who are willing to help humanity to utilise their gifts and resources to help awaken humanity, to help lessen the burden, to help bring joy and comfort.

Each of you have many gifts. Each of you may serve God in many ways. It is for you to come to know your gifts, to allow the inspiration to come so that you may walk through those doors of opportunity and serve another. This brings light to yourself and light to another, for in this beautiful synergy of intention and expression, so the blessings flow and the light increases and the relief from the darkness is given. My hope is that when your time comes to pass into spirit, you will look upon your life and say, “I have served God to the best of my abilities. I have allowed God to guide me. I have dedicated myself to serve God's Will, to be a part of God's plan, and that that part, my engagement in His plan, includes my own salvation.” The blessings that have uplifted and changed me because my motivation, my efforts were that of light, my intentions were that to help, to engage another in light, these things are powerful motivations. They come from the soul when they are of God.

This is another way in which you may connect with your soul and know your own soul. When you feel the impulse to reach out to another, to help another, then you are strengthening the bond between yourself and God, and you are affirming the truth, the truth of what love truly is, of giving of yourself in humility and service to another. Do not restrict the avenues in which God may use you, my friends. Come to God with, as this dear soul indicates, a fresh start. Each day brings this freshness, this beginning, and the opportunities to do something, to express something that is of love. Love cannot just sit within the soul, it must be activated. In this activation, then one grows and one draws to oneself greater blessings, deeper blessings of love. So each day is an opportunity to walk in the light as God’s servants.

This dedication to God may be simple, even unthought of or unrecognized, but God may use you to touch another soul and you may not even know that this has been done. Faith is important, my friends, faith in the true knowledge and the true expression of God's great Essence living within you and the possibility of continued growth and reception of this gift. This opens your consciousness, opens the possibilities of service in many ways. For there is much need in your world. There are many lost souls. There are many who would benefit from your efforts. There are many who could grow from the knowledge and truth that you carry. There is much that is in need of doing in your world, so very much. I do not imply that you need to have that sense of responsibility that you alone must save the world, for indeed, God’s intention is to save the world. But indeed, you may save some little corner of the world by bringing greater light, by expressing yourself in deeper and more divinely inspired ways for the benefit of humanity. Beloved souls, service is important. Service opens the gate for greater love, for greater growth of the soul and your being in light.

May you serve well, serve with wisdom, serve with discernment, serve with the knowledge of God's Will working through you, that you may truly be a channel of love in the world, that you may truly walk in the light of truth, of humility and grace, so that when that time comes for you to pass into spirit, you will have created such a legacy of light, such a beautiful light within you and all around you, that the benefits that you reap from the service that you give at these times will be great indeed, and you will be joyed by the realisation that you have served in love, you have served God, you have served your own soul by exercising the light and love that is within it in many ways, in beautiful ways.

May God bless you on that journey, beloved friends. I am Andrew. I am happy to speak to you today. I am happy to be with you. I am happy to pray for the blessing of God's Love together in this Circle of Light. God bless you, beloveds, my love is with you. God bless you.
