---
title: "Affirms Our Efforts"
menu_title: ""
description: "Affirms Our Efforts"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Affirms Our Efforts

December 17<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion, your friend. May you continue to grow in the Father’s Love, this great universal blessing that comes from the Creator of All Things. May it come to you in great abundance, creating within you a powerhouse of love, of wisdom, of truth so that you may move in the world as God’s instruments, teaching, bringing blessings through you, and someday bringing this great gift that you long for where we may materialize upon the earthly plane.

As we have said many, many times, these things depend upon your own spiritual progression, how you may interact in the world and interact with your Creator. These things are primarily determined by your mind at this juncture in your progression. But there will come a time when you will experience the world from the perceptions of your soul primarily and integrate this with the perceptions of your material mind. For now, we rely upon making a great effort to impress upon you your guidance and that which is needed for you to be positioned in the world in such a way that you are utilized well and that your efforts may be successful.

I wish to commend this instrument and his mate on their willingness to disrupt their lives and to change somewhat dramatically their life so that they are in greater alignment with what is intended. So it is for each of you in some way or another that you will be given guidance that is somewhat startling or surprising. These things are as always a test of your faith and your willingness to be that instrument, that channel of love, that individual who is in alignment with God to such a degree that even in the material sense this alignment is taking place.

Of course, those of the higher realms of the Celestial Kingdom and we who speak to you from another world will not force or insist when this guidance is given for this is a contradiction to the Laws of Free Will, the way that God has created the world and His precious souls living in the world. But indeed, if guidance persists within you, some impression, some thought, some feeling that continues to inhabit your consciousness, I would suggest that you listen to these things and act upon them in accordance with what you feel is a harmonious response.

There is much change coming into your world and you are well aware of this. There is much change already manifest in your world, although many in this world of yours have no inkling of this. It is far too subtle for their spiritual condition and mental framework. It is difficult for them to see beyond the illusions of their minds and to look at the reality that is of God’s creation. You have come a long way compared to many in this regard. But still, you require greater alignment, greater perception, and greater understanding of the soul so that you may act in harmony with God’s Will.

My friends, there is much that will be asked of you. Yet, it is not that you will suffer by acting upon the guidance given. Rather, it is the challenge of adjustment, of acceptance, of seeking that which is in harmony. Yet, often your minds contradict that which your soul is receiving, understanding. This transitional period for all of you is difficult and somewhat contradictory. But I say to you that in time, you will find balance and harmony, both within and around you. I shall say greater balance and harmony for there is a measure of it now.

God has a great plan for all of you, for all of humanity. Indeed, your gift and your challenge for each day are to find your place within it, to be those children of God that you aspire to be, to be that soul awakened that you intend to be, to be in the Grace of God’s Love for this is where the joy comes, where the wisdom flows and the truth is evident. Having your feet planted upon two worlds, one of human creation and one of God’s creation, makes for great difficulties in understanding and clarity in perception for to be able to delineate between the two is a difficult task.

Yet, you lean toward that of God. As you continue to lean and find your balance, your step, the other foot will fall and you will find your way into that beautiful reality of God. The soul is all too willing to go there and to be there but the mind is reluctant. You act as if you are implementing a form of insurance in your life where doubt suggests that if you keep your feet, one in the other and one in the world then no matter what might happen, you have not lost your grip on the material. I suggest that this is folly, that indeed, you do not need to have this understanding and position of consciousness, this duality that is created by this position. Rather, have faith. Step within the reality of God. Be there fully. Trust in God’s protection and guidance. Be fulfilled within it for it will come in great waves of joy and understanding and relief from all the pressures and thoughts that come as a result of this duality of thought and action.

You are children in many regards, innocent, truly uneducated, unaware of the deeper aspects that are hidden within you. Yet, you open like a flower, petal by petal. Soon, the beauty of that blossom which is you will be realized. It will be magnificent. You will be magnificent. Step forward in love, light, and truth. Step forward for the world needs you, my friends. The world needs the strength, the wisdom, and the love that will come from a soul that has at least to some degree realized its potential and that it may be expressed in the material world.

Is this not our goal together, to develop all aspects of yourself that are in harmony with God’s creation, who you truly are? So, we continue on this journey. We awaken ever so slowly to the realization of who you are, beloved souls. God bless you upon that journey. I am your friend, Orion. My love is with you all. I honour your efforts. I appreciate your consistency. I truly love you because you are another magnificent creation of God. So, we honour one another for what God has brought into the world and what God intends to bring into greater light and harmony. God bless you, my friends, and keep you in His Love. I love you. I truly love you. God bless you.
