---
title: "Be a Channel of God’s Love and Instrument of God’s Will"
menu_title: ""
description: "Be a Channel of God’s Love and Instrument of God’s Will"
date: 2025-07-22 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Be a Channel of God’s Love and Instrument of God’s Will

September 29<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Pacific Coast Soul Awakening Tour, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

…be a great boon to your souls, beloved souls. I am your teacher, Augustine. I greet you in this place that you have designated for prayer, and I want to assure you that the angels are with you as you pray. Indeed, you are blessed together, in a group that is of light, a circle that is of light, a gift from God to each of you.

You speak of being a channel for God, an instrument for His Will, to be in alignment with His plan, to be awakened to all that you can do and are capable of doing within the context of this plan. I say, every moment of every day brings to you an opportunity to be a channel of love, an instrument of God’s Will to bring the Truth of Love to your brothers and sisters. Is it not clear to you how each day has its potentials and possibilities, that each day is a great gift. Hidden within each of those days of your lives are many possibilities, provided you are receptive, that your intentions are to serve, that you are in alignment with God.

You utilise the gifts that you have at this time to bring about the blessings through you to one another. This is a beautiful expression of light and love. Yet, each of you holds within you, many, many more gifts, many ways in which you may answer God’s call and truly be a clear and wondrous channel, the Truth of God’s Love in the world. Restrictions exist in your mind as your mind’s biases and your usual perceptions relating to your life experiences, moment by moment. Do not allow the great flexibility and possibility that may come with a soul awakened and a soul imbued with many gifts which His Love brings and ignites within you.

Some of you, during your day, receive inspiration and guidance and act upon it. Others are reluctant, though they have, indeed, ideas and inspirations within them and some flatly refuse to act for fear of rejection, for fear of such impulses creating great disruptions in their lives. Each of you reflects the human condition in some respect, in some way, inhibiting the flow of God’s Will. I do not say this with the intention of impressing you with the feeling of guilt or inadequacy. No, my beloved students. For you are remarkable in your own efforts and those gifts that you recognise and you make great effort to expedite and express in your lives.

Yet, there is so much more waiting for you. I wish that you would open yourselves more fully, to stretch yourselves into a wider perspective and understanding of who you are and what lies within you. Indeed this comes with the inflowing of God’s Love, the awakening to your own soul and recognising the potentials within your own soul. This is a tedious process, often. For you dabble within the condition of the soul perceptions and material reality. This dance back and forth creates within you a tension and a measure of reluctance and doubt, because the mind most certainly sees the world from a very different perspective than that of the soul.

Yet, it is your soul that you seek to grow within, to understand, to express. Yet, you encounter as do all you on your earthly plane, those roadblocks and inhibitions which keep you from truly recognising and understanding the path that God has designated for you and the service that awaits you. Often you say, “Someday I will do this. Someday I wish to be that instrument,”  to be like some individual or some way of being that you admire. Yet, these musings are often an indication of the longings of your soul, but they are interpreted by your minds and indeed, with your mind becomes a wistful and wishful thought of what you might become.

Beloved souls, you are that individual. You are capable. You have the potential to be a powerful instrument in the world. Yet indeed, what is often lacking is faith and confidence. The fears within you create a formidable barrier. The doubts within you create thoughts of inadequacy and that you are undeserving. These things are of error my, beloved students. For you have great potential, but that potential must come to the fore provided you step forward and you’re willing. It is your intention that will bring the outflowing and outpouring of many gifts within you.  It is the application of these gifts in your life that will prove to you that, indeed, these things exist. It is in this application and expression that many other souls may benefit from your gifts.

I urge you, beloved souls, I impel you and compel you to step forward in faith, to step forward in faith to be confident that God is guiding you, that world within that is your soul, is bursting with desire and intention to be expressed in the world, to be expressed through you, that indeed, the alignment between yourselves and your souls, that consciousness that you are expressing and knowing in your daily life that requires integration with that of your soul. So that indeed, the work may begin in earnest and God’s plan may manifest through each of you. First, you must come to know yourselves, your true selves and what lies within. As you step forward, one step will lead to another, will lead to another until your life is completely changed and reflects more fully the true self and God’s will manifest through you.

Beloveds, we urge you to step forward. We urge you to continue to pray for the inflowing of God’s Love, that it may instil within you the strength, the tenacity, the power and the desire to step forward, truly, to be that serious, wondrous part of you that you are still somewhat reluctant to explore and express. Overcome your fears, overcome your biases, overcome those sins within your minds which would have you restrict the flow and  expression of your souls. Be with God. Seek out your Creator and be in harmony with all that He is and all that you are within the flow and Truth of His love for you, where God has awaiting you many wondrous things, a remarkable journey in your life.

Are you willing to step forward, beloved souls, and grasp His Hand so that He may lead you forth and bring you within that true Light, that true being that you are meant to be with Him and to be as He has intended, your life an expression of truth, love, joy and wondrous gifts? God bless you, beloved souls, I am your teacher, Augustine and I come to you in earnest. For how else may the world change and know of the truth of the redemptive Touch of God for each of His children upon the Earth? How else might He know than by the hands that carry the touch of truth, that travel the world speaking of it, expressing it and being it in their lives? May God bless you upon that journey, beloved souls. May you truly come to know the wonders that lie within you, the gifts that are so eager to be expressed, the beauty that God has created that is your soul and all that you are, that all of these wondrous things that you are may amalgamate and integrate into one wondrous being, capable of so much and to truly be a clear channel for God.

May God bless you, beloved souls and keep you upon this path firmly. May you know Him, know Him in that intimacy and that quiet, and that profound joy that is the Touch of His Love upon your soul and the awakening of your perceptions that is your being. God bless you, beloveds, I am your teacher, Augustine, and I am happy to be with you today. Consider yourselves as the magnificent creations of God, for truly you are, truly you are. God bless you. My love is with you all. God bless you.
