---
title: "Encourages Collaboration in Forming the Nucleus of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Encourages Collaboration in Forming the Nucleus of Light"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Encourages Collaboration in Forming the Nucleus of Light

March 30<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Soul Awakening Tour, Monroeville, PA, USA

Matthew received by Al Fike

I am Matthew. I am happy when the children of God come together in trust and in conversation that helps to move their instrumentalities forward and their efforts to reach out to God’s children. In your earthly world, these relationships and the bonds that are formed are necessary and important for without these collaborations, how can you move forward? Indeed, the individual can do what they can to further the work, follow the Will of God as an individual, but together, there is a strength, there is a powerful light. With collaboration comes different perspectives and different gifts which work together to bring about a higher outcome.

Since there is so much for you to do, my beloved friends, so much that is needed, so many possibilities that open and can awaken in a time of great need, it is important that you rely on one another and you continue to strengthen the bonds, to strengthen the trust, to strengthen the love between you. As this nucleus of light grows brighter, so you draw in others, so you make a great collaboration of light in the world.

Take advantage of all of your opportunities, beloved souls, to share with one another, to bond with one another, that there are no mysteries or misinterpretations of the individual, rather, a firm and solid understanding of their perspective and who they are as individuals. You know intuitively that they have a light within their souls, that there is a desire within their souls to be that light expressed in the world. But with this light and with the soul comes the personality of someone who has lived in the world. Those aspects of the personalities are sometimes hidden or are drawn back from being revealed through a hesitancy and a lack of trust. But indeed, it is important to be open and to trust, not recklessly so but with wisdom and with a sense that you have found a brother or a sister upon the path and that God has His designs upon your relationships with others and what that can bring in the world.

It is a very guarded world, I know. So many are afraid, afraid of being rejected, being hurt, being judged. But when you say I am a child of God and a child of the truth, that I wish to be a channel of love and light, are you not saying that I have the highest intentions of my own self and my self-expression, engaging with the highest of my brother or sister? So, you circumvent these worries and cares and you come to that place of trust and openness. Though indeed, you are each human and all whom you collaborating with have their human foibles and weaknesses, from that perspective of soul, you are all strong and beautiful.

As you continue to nurture the perspective of the soul, that place of perception and love, wisdom, so these human characteristics are weakened and eventually fade away. Your challenge and your test are to walk in the light always, to be a clear and beautiful channel of light and love and truth, to ascribe to the path that God has laid before you, to be true to your soul’s desires, to who you truly are and to the destiny that lies within your soul, that purpose deep within. In this way, how can you be betrayed, how can you be hurt? Only this acknowledgment and upliftment and joy that comes when your brothers and sisters gaze upon you in love and see you as a light.

Few are given these opportunities, beloved souls. Few are willing to step forward in this way. God is giving you great opportunity and many blessings, beloveds. Step forward into this light. Step forward into this collaboration. Step forward in peace and joy for you are given a great gift. As you nurture one another, you will be amazed at what may come, the power of the opening of the soul and the gifts of the soul expressed. When certain individuals come together with complementary gifts and impetus, desire, so the strength of one becomes the strength of many. You will find great upliftment and strength together, beloved souls.

There is much work to do, much to accomplish. This can no longer be a casual commitment but something that is a part of every day and something that is expressed in every day for now is the time to open to the Will of God fully. In this opening, you will find that those ambitions and ideas of the mind are far less important than that of the soul awakening and bringing its own influence and impetus to your life for this is where God is communicating with you, beloved souls. This is where the Will of God manifests first and foremost within the soul. As this bubbles forth into your conscious self, so you will see that in expressing and sharing what is given, you will find corroboration and at times an addition within the other individual that will assist you in performing the task that God gives to you.

You must collaborate, beloved souls, for strength and wisdom to add your energies, impetus to the great movement that is God’s plan for the awakening of humanity. It cannot be a weak effort. It must be strong and solid and placed within the Will of God expressed through each of you and through others. You are now building this nucleus of light and you will continue to do so and add others to this great effort.

Part of the mission of these two beautiful souls is to make that personal contact with those who are meant to be drawn in and meant to understand their part. So, their mission has many facets as do you all in your work and efforts, layer upon layer of purpose, of expression, of gifts, of connection. Soul to soul, you walk in the world as God’s beautiful lights connecting with other lights, connecting with other lights. You also reflect light to your brothers and sisters who are lost and in need of comfort. As you do so, it may be that you are helping to awaken a powerful soul, a soul that will contribute greatly to this work, all part of God’s plan, all part of the flow of your instrumentality.

You must nurture those who come into your orbit. You must accept and embrace them. Do not judge those whom you see as lost and confused. Rather, be a light for them, be strength, clarity, compassion, love. This too is your test and this too will strengthen you in your gifts and instrumentality. God gives you many, many blessings and opportunities to grow. It does not stretch you beyond your limitations, but indeed, you are being challenged to grow beyond your present perspective to that place that is more expansive and inclusive and loving.

The progress of the soul as it strengthens and grows in love and light is a process of the soul finding its place of dominance within your consciousness, your being. When your minds retaliate and seek to claim what it has known most of your life, you must have compassion for yourselves but also the strength to say I am willing to release these old ways and know my true self and to awaken in this, expressing this in all its beauty and wonderment.

Though at times this may seem strange to you, that your perspectives are akilter and somewhat confusing, but this, with time and adjustment will bring clarity and peace and wisdom. The true purpose and expression of your souls will come to the fore and be powerful and beautiful in their ways and who you are. In many ways, you do not know yourself. Instead, you have certain ideas and perceptions as to who you are but in truth, much of this is just the veneer of a child who grew up in a dangerous place, a place that needed protection. So, you found your way to survive, to fit in to a very dysfunctional world. Now it is time to awaken to your true self for now you have the strength. You are that light that can express itself with wisdom and in ways that may be contrary to the cultural norms but are true to God’s Will and way. You will find yourselves awakening and expressing yourselves in ways where they do not startle others but are gently, but with strength, being expressed in the world.

When we speak of change, these changes are profound and deep. Many who have had the opportunity of the door opened to so much change have rejected it because they do not feel that they can live a life such as what is presented. But I tell you that every soul upon this world will be confronted in this way in time. But for you, your time has come now. The challenges are now. So, if you feel discomfort, if you are confused, if you feel aspects of yourself rising up that startle you or challenge you, ask God to give you the strength, the power of love to accept and to explore these new aspects of yourself so that you may truly be that example in the world, you may truly be a light, for all of these things that emerge in you and through you are and will be a reflection of light, of love and truth, of God’s way, God’s intention for His children.

But it indeed takes those who are strong and willing to run against the stream of human endeavour and consciousness and to be truly that child of God in harmony with His Laws of Love. It will come in increments. God will give you time to adjust and to express these newfound ways and find your way in the world, a world that is not always accepting of such contrary perspectives. But indeed, each of you have experienced rejection in your life and have dealt with this and become strengthened by it. So, you are not weak but strong. You will find your way and have your feet planted firmly upon the path that God intends for you, beloved souls. Walk in the world but not of the world. Be God’s Light. Be the truth, incarnate, expressed, and shining bright.

Beloveds, beloveds, we are with you always. You are never alone and you are always protected and guided. So, you have friends who are celestial angels who walk with you always and are eager to cooperate and to reinforce your gifts, your purpose. All is given in love and all is given because God has great compassion for the world and wishes for the world to know peace and truth and love. So, you have accepted His invitation. You walk in the world with a great desire to express the truth of life and its purpose.

May God bless you, beloved and brave souls, beautiful and strong souls, souls lit with love, lit with wisdom, lit with grace. May you continue to grow in light and be that light. God bless you, beloveds. I am Matthew and I walk with you all. God bless you. May His Love continue to grow within you and may that Love shatter all the illusions, all the error and distortions and bring about such a clarity and strength that you will truly be a formidable channel of love in the world, beautiful and strong, clear and bright. God bless you, beloved souls, God bless you.
