---
title: "The Sanctuary of Light Amongst Us Changes World Conditions"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Sanctuary of Light Amongst Us Changes World Conditions"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Sanctuary of Light Amongst Us Changes World Conditions

October 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2022

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

I come; I am Jesus, your brother, your friend. As God gathers you together in light so, through your efforts in prayer, you form a sanctuary of light amongst you in the world. You are blessed to have this fellowship. You are blessed to come together in this way. From all parts of the world, you come together to pray for the gift of God’s Love to enter your souls.

I urge you to do so with all earnestness, and as each of you individually beseeches God’s Blessing upon your soul, so you add to the light of this gathering, this Circle of Light, and you bring the blessings forth not only for yourself, but for those who are a part of this circle and those who are a part of your life. It is important to beseech God’s blessings, for this is the source of light. This is the way that light is given and proliferates in the world. It is your desire and effort in prayer, in longing of the soul, in expressing all parts of yourself in harmony with God’s Laws of Love, that you contribute to the light. In contributing to the light you contribute to changing conditions in your world from darkness to light.

Be aware of the power that you carry, my beloved and beautiful friends. Be aware how much you may change the world by your individual efforts, and how powerful that is when you come together in unity and harmony, for what a light that brings to the world. What a beautiful blessing to your world that there are those amongst you upon the earthly plane that aspire to the highest of all blessings, the greatest of all gifts, which is the Essence of God’s Soul entering your soul and transforming, healing, and bringing greater light to it. My beloveds, you are my brothers and sisters upon the earthly plane, those who truly know my message, those who come to accept the truth. And that truth is that God loves them, loves all of you, all of humanity with such depth and breadth that you could not possibly know all that is God’s Love for you.

Beautiful children of the earthly plane, you are laying a foundation that shall endure upon your Earth, though you do not see with your minds and earthly perceptions the importance and the power of this effort in changing the world. I urge you to have faith and to ask God to show you how your efforts are indeed contributing to His plan for the salvation of humanity.

This little group, this band of Lightbringers, will grow and expand, and there will be those from many other countries who will come and share in your efforts, come and bring light in their way and with their gifts. So, humanity will band together, those  who understand the need for these efforts, the power of this grace that comes from these efforts. In this banding together, a great light will descend upon the world through your prayers and your gifts and your light.

The Law of Progression is a constant in the universe, and the world must progress towards greater light and harmony. For this is the fulfilment of the law and each of you are acknowledging this truth and this law by seeking your own personal progression. Continue to dedicate as much time, effort, thought and deed towards this. For it is in your actions, whether that be in prayer or in the material sense, when it is in harmony with God’s Will and laws, that much can be accomplished. You see yourselves often as an insignificant part of the great mass of humanity, but in the way of spiritual manifestation and presence, you are a formidable force. For that force can dissipate the darkness, can bring light into places that are now dark and in need of light, can bring love where there is little love, can bring all manner of blessings where there is great need for these blessings.

As you travel and walk in the world in faith and with desire to serve God, so these things will manifest, so the blessings will flow, so you will discover and open to the greater part of your being, which for most upon your world is hidden and unknown. Yet, in your journey you are awakening your soul and discovering all the wonders of it. Beloveds, seek first the great blessing of God’s Love and then allow that love to open up the chambers and the reality of your soul, awakening in light, being transformed in God’s Love.

These things I know come gradually and subtly, so you do not recognise, or often do not recognise, the daily growth that comes. But indeed, it is there. We, who watch over you, see this and recognise it and we are joyed at your progression. We continue to dedicate ourselves to assisting you upon that journey, and of course, God knows your journey and knows, understands, the fulfilment of it. It is for you to determine the pace and progress, for you to have the gift of free will.

 May you come to know that each moment is a choice towards light or towards darkness, towards harmony or disharmony. As you move in the world in a conscious way you will come to see that choice clearly and understand the choices you must make, the decisions in your life that must come to bring greater light and harmony to your lives and to your beings, and thus bringing greater light to the world and to those around you.

Beloveds, we continue on this wondrous journey towards at-onement with God. Know that you have many friends in the world of spirit and the Celestial Kingdom who are with you in this, who are indeed cheering you on as you continue to struggle with the earthly plane, but have your triumphs and your growth and the expansion of your soul being foremost in your life.

Beloved friends, know that I am your friend. I come to you so that you may know that I am with you, and I know many of you look to me for my blessing upon you and light. I say, my light and blessing is meagre compared to the Touch of God, that great Fountainhead of Living Waters, of blessings beyond comprehension that will come as you pray and open yourselves to God’s Touch.

Be at peace, beloveds, and know that you are truly loved and that we all walk together in the truth and wonderment of God’s Love and blessings upon us. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you and keep you in love. I am Jesus and I come in love. I am with you, with great appreciation and love for each of you. God bless you, beloved souls, God bless you.
