---
title: "The barriers within us caused by the conflict of our minds and souls"
menu_title: ""
description: "The barriers within us caused by the conflict of our minds and souls"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The barriers within us caused by the conflict of our minds and souls

June 4<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Greetings, my friends. May the blessings of God’s Love continue to flow into your souls and awaken you as it must. May the blessings of God’s Love touch and inspire all of humanity and awaken them as it must. But indeed, you have great challenges, my friends, great challenges that keep you from the true realization and consciousness of the soul, for as has been described many times, the world in which you live is a world that is of the mind. The reality of the world is prescribed by the mind. The way in which you express yourselves, perceive the world, understand many things is by using the faculties of the mind.

As you have been told many times, the mind becomes the great impediment to powerful forces within you, that of the mind and that of the soul. Your consciousness may shift from one to the other and back again. But primarily, your consciousness is within the mind. Therefore, the many things that we wish to share with you, many experiences that God wishes to share with you, are highly filtered and coloured by the mind. With this impediment, only a small percentage of these experiences and this truth can be shared purely and accurately. Rather, you are constantly interpreting, judging and restricting this great flow from the Source of All.

When you come to pray to God, asking God to awaken your soul, reinforcing the power of the soul, and bringing the consciousness of soul forward into your life, you are asserting the desire of your soul to be in ascendancy. This is all that we can ask of you. We cannot make this happen for you. We cannot bring this ascendancy to you for it must be a collaboration between your mind and your soul and a sort of humility that may come where your mind allows your soul its ascendancy.

We can help you create the conditions that will encourage such consciousness but it is for you to build within you such a light, such a power and a strength, a willingness and a desire, such faith and light that the soul can be and truly be that ascendant part of your consciousness. We do not mean to eliminate the mind, to discredit the mind, to bring you to a place that is beyond the faculties and capacities of the mind where you may live and operate in this way. Yes, you have been told that this is possible and theoretically it is so. Yet, in a world so material, you would not be able to function well within it thus relegating you to be a hermit in a cave, living your own reality with God but being impotent to express this in the world.

The balance is so necessary between mind and soul, the mind will continue to assert and insist on its ascendancy and this, I am sure you have no doubt nor do we. Thus, the struggle continues moment by moment, breath by breath. Yet we are here as are you, to beseech God to awaken and to empower the soul. That it may unfold in all its beauty, uniqueness and difference from that which you are used to. That which the world expects and reinforces with every moment of existence.

Much strength is required, my friends, strength, persistence, faith, and desire to go beyond that place that is so comfortable and comforting, that place which many of you continue to acknowledge and admire, for when you are within that place of mental acuity, you feel a sense of power and validity in the world. Thus, you are continuing to entrap yourself within this illusion for the power that humanity has wielded through the mind is now turning against the world and itself and creating such negative cross currents and illusions that there is no firm ground to stand upon for most of humanity. It continues to drift in this somnambulant state which brings a sense of satisfaction and empowerment, clarity and understanding. But indeed, all is an illusion.

I know that this is a somewhat harsh description of your world, yet it is the truth. It is why the world is in such dire need of shifts and changes, truth and clarity, where error may fall away, understanding may come with the soul’s wisdom and the soul’s perception. It is a very challenging request to shift consciousness from something which has been so relevant and powerful in your experience of life to something that is subtle but beautiful, peaceful and filled with love because it lacks the empowerment of the mind in the way in which you see empowerment and strength.

So, you do this dance between one and another. Some of you are clearly aware of these shifts back and forth and some of you, not. But you are all engage in the dance. You all struggle with this truth. You all pray to be transformed. Yet, in your daily life, the patterns of thought, choice and existence upon the material world are squarely favoured toward the mindful position. Your dilemma is: how may I live in both worlds, both realities. That is something that requires a great deal of effort and fine-tuning and understanding, of being deeply aware of your choices, of seeing beyond the reflexive, the immediate response that is so common in human interaction and human life.

To live a life that includes the depth and breadth of the soul perceptions is not an easy life for there is nothing around you that would reward you for this. The rewards are within you and hopefully between you, reinforced by this condition of soul and to have by your side those bright spirits and angels and we from the other worlds who continue to work with you, helping you to make this transition and fully immersed in the way of the soul.

It comes day-by-day, step-by-step. It is not something that you may see readily for when you watch a flower unfold and bloom, is this something you see with every moment? But as you observe patiently, as you acknowledge, with commitment, the process, so you will see the changes and feel them and express them in subtle ways. Yet, those ways, as they continue to be expressed, will become less subtle. You will be truly that channel of light, that new being that you are meant to be, that example for others to follow, that new and emerging, evolved self which we are nurturing, as God’s plan is meant to be realized, and all that is of the soul come to consciousness so that humanity may take its next steps in its existence upon this world, this beautiful planet, a planet that God has prepared so intricately, so wonderfully for His children.

As humanity continues to struggle and is lost, so there is the countervailing current of light and truth that is having its effects in the world. You are part of this current. Indeed, you are a vital part of it. The stronger that you are, my friends, the stronger will be this current. As you continue to embrace others, even those who have different perspectives and ideas but wish for the transformation of your world and the higher consciousness of man, so the work gains momentum, so your own reality, the reality of the soul gains momentum and all pushes forward toward greater light and harmony. As the power of light builds, so the power of darkness is diminished.

You must see your life in this perspective, my friends, that you are active agents to counteract darkness in the world. I am not referring to all the injustices and difficulties and errors that humanity has created for itself. These things will be brought back into harmony in time. No, the things that I speak of are deeper and more fundamental. It is the purity of the mind, the awakening of the soul, the intention of both to live in the world as a light, bringing greater harmony to the world. Not by pointing fingers at others, not by opening your eyes to all that is wrong with the world for there is much and it is horrifying.

 I say to you, my friends, it is your alignment with God, your alignment with all that is of light, your alignment with one another, and the work and expressions you do in the world as each day presents its opportunities that will make the difference, that will bring what is required. Examine yourselves, my friends. I know you have been asked of this so often, to look, to understand, to acknowledge your fears, to acknowledge your misunderstandings, to acknowledge your judgments, to acknowledge the error, all those things which make you human, for they must be acknowledged and released.

It is not enough to just see. It requires your effort in prayer and desire to change your own thoughts, consciousness and patterns so that these things may readily fall away. The mind holds on tenaciously to that which it knows. The soul is eager to find its ascendancy and express those things so new, different and wonderful. Yet, the mind continues to reject, to be suspicious, to reinforce its position in your consciousness.

It is a very challenging time for all of you, as it is for the world. There are many aspects of life that reach out to pull you away from the consciousness of soul and reinforce all that is of the mindful concern. We understand the struggle, ye, we see arrayed about each one of you, tremendous resources, tremendous power and influence and love. So, in our hearts, in our consciousness, in the knowing of our souls, we are sure that at least some of you will break through, to truly break through and acknowledge and live in the way which God has invited you to do and is giving you what you require in order to do.

How strong are you, my friends? How strong are you so that you may continue to swim against the current, to walk that road less travelled, to truly be in alignment with God? You will determine your fate. God cannot do so. So, it is your choice. It is neither black nor white. It is neither “I shall be this way as of this moment and not of another way in another moment”. No, it is a gradual flowering and opening of consciousness. Of course, you can speed this process along with your conscious acknowledgment and acceptance of it or you may slow it down by ignoring and choosing to live with the blinkered awareness of the mind that continues to dominate and insist on its own reality.

I am sorry to be so challenging to you, my friends, but the time is short and there is much to do. So, we will continue to do our part. It is our hope that you will do yours. It will not be some cathartic shift. Rather, it is subtle. It is subtle. I urge you to empower it with your thoughts, your desires and your deeds and your prayers. In this way, you will find your way through the maze of the human condition. Finding your way to that clarity, that beautiful field of flowers that is waiting for each of you where there is peace and there is joy and there is deep and profound insight and understanding. Surely, you all desire this, my friends. You all desire to be in that place, that serenity, that wisdom and love that is the consciousness of God.

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. Thank you for listening to me today and know that we are firmly by your side, firmly. May you be blessed in the great Love of the Source of All, that Love that continues for all eternity, that Love that shall transform each one of you as you continue to be drawn to its magnetism, power, beauty and embrace. God bless you, my friends, God bless you.
