---
title: "The Wonder of Soul Awakening and Importance of Expiation"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Wonder of Soul Awakening and Importance of Expiation"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Wonder of Soul Awakening and Importance of Expiation

April 13<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Soul Awakening Tour, Barbados

Thomas Aquinas received by Al Fike

Welcome, my brothers and sister to this Circle of Light. I am Thomas Aquinas. I come to you today to speak of the process of soul awakening. Something that is not particularly clear with many of you, because you have been focused upon receiving the Divine Love and allowing this gift to do the work of healing, transforming and informing your being. This is a truth that indeed, as you receive greater quantities of this Love, the Essence of God into your soul, so you will become enlightened in many ways and changed in many ways.

But what is often overlooked is the power of the encrustations of the soul, which slow your progress and weigh you down in many different aspects, in thought, in feeling, in what you call the human condition. So, the awakening of the soul often comes in fits and starts, in waves. It is not a smooth awakening, a transition from darkness to light, from error to truth. Rather, as you continue to move in your world and walk upon the path of your life, various experiences and openings within, and inspirations that come from God and His angels and others, will guide you to certain realisations and awakenings.

Your mind has many ideas and expectations. You have an image of yourself inbedded in the mindful consciousness, that is not particularly in accordance to the true image of your soul and the true personality and being that is you. So there is a tension between the mindful perceptions and all that is within that, and those of the soul and all that is emerging from it. Thus, there are times when there are great blockages, encrustations, that prevent further awakening in a conscious way.

When you receive Divine Love, and the power of this Love opens you to truth within your soul, it does not necessarily come to your conscious self because of these blockages and barriers. Thus, it is important that you consider that your soul is indeed more progressed than your mind, and that it is unlocking the soul that is the important task at hand. You must awaken yourselves to the consciousness of soul. Of course, the biases and conditions of your mind often are contrary to this.

So, as you pray and ask for God to infill your soul with His Love, there is a tension that is put in place by the power of this Love inhabiting your soul and wishing to expand out into all aspects of yourself, and the power of your mind, which has the inclination and desire to control and to lock into place a perspective that is of the mind. Thus, the struggle is daily and can be very complex, as your mind concocts various strategies and ideas which sow the seeds of doubt, which distract your consciousness towards material, which in many ways, holds you back from truly feeling and knowing that is from your very center, your soul.

I urge you to be compassionate towards yourself. For you are embarked upon a journey that few are willing to take, that this journey involves discrediting to a certain degree, the consciousness of the mind and adopting wholeheartedly, the consciousness of the soul. For you to do so, is to put aside the fear that comes with shifting of consciousness, with new ways and new awarenesses. This fear is strong because it has been implanted in you very early on in your life. The way in which your children are educated ensures that the mind is predominant, and the soul is often neglected. The soul is often neglected because there is very little understanding of the soul, there is very little that is taught about the soul. That which is taught is often very erroneous, involving punishment if one is not in alignment with the will of their teachers, and much of God who is a judgmental being, etc. There is much in the way of error that is taught.

For those who are not taught error, it is a void, for they are not taught anything. For you, my friends, you have been given the key that opens the door to the soul. Yet even you, who have a clear understanding of the process of awakening the soul, are deeply challenged by this process. You are deeply challenged by your inner condition and your consciousness, which is filled with many things, many ideas and thoughts and feelings that are contrary to the purity of the soul.

My friends, you are not alone. For, every human being upon this world of yours is challenged thusly. Although, of course, their journey is different and unique. But there are certainly common elements shared amongst humanity, which have ensured a continuation of the domination of the mind and the subjugation of the soul. Your work must include and emphasise how the soul may be liberated. In order for you to teach this truth, you yourselves must be liberated. You yourselves must understand the process and the struggles that one must entertain in order to become liberated. I urge you all to look within yourself and to observe this struggle, this battle between the mind and the soul. The soul, in all its tenderness and love, awaits your invitation for it to become more dominant within you. Your mind, with all its fear and biases, continues to reject the soul to some degree. This is human.

But indeed, the time comes when God is saying and beckoning to His children, “Open yourselves to love. Awaken in love, so that you may walk in the world in greater harmony and peace and joy, that you may be truly a channel of love, an expression of love.” But you must look at that which holds you from this goal and mission. You must be honest with yourself. You must be true to your own self. You must allow yourselves to open to God fully, even when that entails a vulnerability and terrible pain that is hidden within, to come forth and to be healed by the Touch of God.

God is giving you a great opportunity to awaken and to release these conditions that prevent the awakening. Are you committed and strong and of great faith, and willing to look, look more deeply than you have ever looked, to be in that place of truly seeing yourself and awakening with compassion, those parts of you that have been long hidden? For, the expiation of the soul is a necessary process in the true awakening of it. So, you must consider this element. It is important and crucial in the journey of the soul. Finding its rightful place as the dominant influence, the great source of truth and wisdom, of compassion and love, and all goodness that God has implanted within you, and is giving you that which is required to awaken it more fully and deeply. Are you willing to walk this road?

Yes, in prayer and in many instances, you have been blessed and uplifted, and feel this blessing and upliftment and thus, a joy comes into your heart, and you come to recognize the great mercy and Love of God and how truly God is abundant in His mercy, His Love, His healing, His upliftment of you. But in time, as a child grows, the child must learn to stand on its own two feet, to not be so dependent upon his angel friends to do all, what you call, the heavy lifting of bringing the soul into harmony with God. Thus, you must release the weight, that which weighs you down, that which redirects you in ways that are not of light, that where judgment abides, that where your own scornful self is not loving towards yourself or others. These things are human conditions which require your attention and, at times, your discipline, so that these thoughts and reactions cannot be played out so readily, and in time will disappear with your efforts in prayer and your disciplines in not allowing the darkness to enter therein, into your mind.

My beloved friends, I know I am serious, and I do not bring the usual message of joy and encouragement and love for you all. Although, you must know that you are loved, and we are indeed encouraging you in ways that are important. God is always there for you, my beloved friends. God shall always be there. For you to truly recognize and understand the presence of God and the blessings that are given, it is important that you release the barriers, release the cloak that shields you from true perception and true understanding. Your angel friends are close by to assist you in this process, to help you understand your own self. For, much of you is hidden and needs to be revealed.

God shall give you the ways and means to perceive and understand. God will give you the support and encouragement that you require. God will give all to you, all that is needed for your awakening and transformation. These are the laws in action. But indeed, because you possess free will, the pacing and the way in which the healing of your soul and the transformation of your soul takes place, is of your own decision, your own daily actions, your own daily prayers and what you desire, what you need from God. What you can manifest in light is determined by the power of the soul uninhibited, unshackled and free.

May God bless you, my friends, upon your journeys. Know that we are with you, that indeed, you are making progress and shall make ever greater progress as days go by. God ensures that His children will thrive in light, given their innocent beseeching of His blessings. May God bless you in this Light, in His Love, in the truth.

I am Thomas Aquinas. I am happy to be with you today. May God bless you, my friends. You are on a wondrous adventure, and many wondrous experiences await you. Thus, the light pours in, my friends. The truth awakens. The soul finds its place within you. God bless you in peace and love.
