---
title: "Do Not Underestimate the Power and Need of our Collective Prayers"
menu_title: ""
description: "Do Not Underestimate the Power and Need of our Collective Prayers"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Do Not Underestimate the Power and Need of our Collective Prayers

December 24<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

Your brother is here, I am Jesus. I come to bless you, beloved souls, as you continue to come together and seek for the highest and greatest blessing of God and seek to serve God with the gifts of your soul and seek to love your brothers and sisters, all those in your life and all those in the world. In this you do my work. In this you carry on the legacy of love in the world. So I acknowledge you, beloved souls. I acknowledge your work. I acknowledge your soul. I acknowledge the heart that carries the love into the world.

I come to bless you, beloveds, as you are the hope of the world. For you carry the key to the transformation of your world and you carry the desire to share this truth with the world. So I come to bless you, beloveds, and bless those who are a part of this group, that they may be uplifted and upheld in their journey and their efforts, that you may carry this light that shall grow and expand in greater proportions as time progresses, so you shall progress and be God’s instruments more fully, more beautifully. We are all God’s children, His instruments, His channels of love and as such, we are truly bonded in this effort and shall be bonded for all eternity.

I am your brother and friend, I am Jesus, and I walk with you towards at-onement with God. So we shall be upon this road together. So we shall carry one another as we walk upon this journey that is eternal and filled with many, many blessings. Know that I love you. Know that God loves you and that God shall pour His blessings upon you, beloveds, and may you be a channel of blessings for others. God bless you and keep you in His Love. I love you and that love shall grow as you grow, as I grow. As the world grows in love, so love shall proliferate upon this Earth, and love shall push back the darkness, transform darkness to light, its power beyond anything that is of the darkness, its power to transform and to heal and uplift, bring harmony to all. You have been given this power. You do not realize the power that is within you, the power that can manifest through you. But you come to this realisation as your eyes open to the truth, to the light within, to what God has given you, and God has transformed you into something magnificent and glorious.

So we join together in a great journey of service and love. So we are together in the beneficence of God, His blessing upon us, His Peace that passes all understanding is with us. May we bask in the Light of His Presence and open our souls to His great Gift of Love. God bless you, beloveds. I come to pray with you and to affirm my love and my attentions upon you. God bless you. God bless you.
