---
title: "Congratulations on Your Efforts"
menu_title: ""
description: "Congratulations on Your Efforts"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Congratulations on Your Efforts

May 21<sup>st</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

The world is a complex place, is it not, my friends? I am Professor Salyards, I have been with you in your conversations. I am very pleased with the direction of your conversation and the questions that you are asking of yourselves and of this effort that is being made.

You have all come to see that important and crucial steps are needed at this time in order to enliven the efforts and mechanisms that you have created so that you may teach the truth of Divine Love to others. In this complex world of yours it is difficult to bring forth your message, to get another’s attention and ear so that they may listen to you. Indeed, there are ways that you may do so, innovative ways, and yet you do not want to denigrate the message toward the approach in such a way that the power and seriousness of what is being given is diminished by superficiality. Instead as you have spoken of my dear brothers and sisters, you wish to bring the message powerfully forward to all who may listen. Indeed, the resources are there for you to do so. I would urge you to think of this as God's tapestry where He has made pieces necessary and they sit there for your observation but must be sewn together in a way that makes it a beautiful thing, something that flows with artistry, truth and light.

You cannot rush this creation but you cannot also sit back and believe that it will come together without your effort and attention. This is the way of your material world and you know this so well. I urge you, my beloved beautiful friends, to contemplate and pray about your next steps. You will be given the answers and the doors will be open so that you see clearly those steps and the opportunities that will come. As God creates  passages and brings close to you those individuals and resources that will open up and bring alive the culmination of your efforts in such a way that many will be interested, will be inspired, will come to know your sincerity and the simplicity of your message and will consider what you have to offer.

Everything done in love has the ability to touch another soul and bring them to a place of awareness, the awareness of their own yearnings, the yearnings of their souls. Indeed, to touch another in this way requires God's touch of inspiration, requires the closeness of your angel friends, requires a sincere and deep commitment to do this work. You admire these two individuals who have been on a journey of service. They have prayed and sought guidance and were given such. Also, each day was blessed and their angel friends were close, maneuvering and guiding in such a way that minor miracles were manifest and individuals who may have been distant in the past came close and there was connection, there was a spark of light. I know you think within your minds, how may I do this? What is the secret? You see the dear daughter's gifts manifesting and her ability to reach out and touch another soul as she does in such a beautiful way. Indeed, her unique gifts are hers alone but each of you carry gifts. Each of you can reach out to another in your own way, in your own light and beautiful soul's wisdom and desire to be a channel of Love for others. Think about this, my friends, think about your own gifts and how they relate to the questions and ideas that you have presented today. How may you be of service? How may you follow God's Will and be in alignment with God's great plan? This is done through prayer and through going deep into yourself and coming to the realizations and perceptions and insights as to what you may do as God's instrument, God's servants in the world. This is how the solutions are found not by analyzing and intellectualizing the problem, although because you live upon the earth plane these processes are required. But first and foremost, go to God, go to your Creator who is all too willing to help you realize and have deep insight into the solutions, into what is needed and what are your next steps. So much may come in prayer and faith and your ability to release mental constraints and concerns and come to a beautiful and eloquent solution.

Inspiration will come, my friends, a deep inspiration and you need not be worried or overly concerned, rather to step forward with faith and joy, knowing that God is guiding you and you will find your way. For how can you not find you way when you are allowing God to lead you and your souls are continuing to grow in His Love, continuing to find the answers that are deep within you and flow through you from God? Much is coming, and indeed these are crucial steps and they require your attention and focus. I urge you to consider these things, to be truly in alignment with God's Will, to know that the resources and what is required is at hand, within your reach and grasp, my friends. It will come, it will come in the flow of love, in the touch of God upon you, in your desire and willingness to serve God, to serve His Will. As you well know, His Will is to bring many souls to the truth of His Love so that they may know the joy that you know, that they may know the power and beauty, the wisdom and the Love that comes with this deep touch from God. Share this with your brothers and sisters. Continue to do so, continue to walk in the light of His Love. Continue to have faith that God is guiding and that you will find. Love is always the foundation to spiritual work. May you engender everything that you do with love and bring yourself forth as a light, a servant of God, and you will see clearly, profoundly, what is needed and how you may approach this very important challenge and invitation.

May God bless you, my friends, and keep you within His beautiful Love, within His Will, His plan, His desire and intention for humanity. May God bless you. May His Love continue to flow within you. May you continue to have your eyes opened, your hearts full, and your soul filled with joy and love. God bless you. I am Professor Salyards. I am happy to work with you and be with you for I am close often, more than you might think. I am close to you all. God bless you, God bless you all.
