---
title: "Priceless Jewels on the Sea"
menu_title: ""
description: "Priceless Jewels on the Sea"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Priceless Jewels on the Sea

April 22<sup>nd</sup>, 2022

Soul Awakening Tour, Holland America Cruise

Mary received by Elizabeth Mack

Know that when you go tonight to dinner, you have jewels within you. As you look around you and see the sparkling clothing of others, know that your souls possess the jewels much greater than those worn by others this evening. They are precious jewels, gifts that your Father has given to you that will be with you always. They are gifts that are to be utilized in service. The wealth is so much greater than anything your eyes may behold.

Take these jewels with you wherever you go. Remember them. Use them. Bring them forward that others may come to know them just by looking at you. They are for your benefit and the benefit of others who are searching, looking for answers, looking for truth. They will know you when they see you. You will now shine.

The time has come for God’s children to shine on this Earth and to lead others to the path that they were meant to be on. This is your journey and truth, to bring others into the fold, to help them, to teach them, to show them the way. This is your gift, to walk among mankind in such a way as to show them the Light of God within you.

Shine, my children, shine. Shine ever so brightly that all glitter will pale by comparison. It is time. We love you and we will walk with you. But you, my children, you will shine. I am Mary, the mother of Jesus, and one who knows your true worth and value in the universe. God has given you all that you need. We will be with you. We love you. Shine, my dear ones.
