---
title: "We Forge Ahead on the Cusp of a New Year"
menu_title: ""
description: "We Forge Ahead on the Cusp of a New Year"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# We Forge Ahead on the Cusp of a New Year

December 31<sup>st</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Bless you, my friends. I am Orion. I come to honour you for your commitment and your efforts. In this past year, you have not wavered. You have continued with your time together with us and with God to sustain the relationships and the efforts that are being made in order to accomplish our goals, our mutual goals on the earthly plane. This is a remarkable feat for those of you on Earth who are so readily distracted. The events on the Earth and your personal lives often bring you to places and conditions that are not easy to navigate and bring you beyond this commitment that you have made together to conditions and situations that are challenging.

How our experience of these groups is different from yours. We do not see the world or our lives as you see yours. We do not experience time as you experience time. We do not perceive purpose and action as you perceive purpose and action. Because you are still entrapped within your mindful conditions and venture somewhat into that of the soul perception and experience, your experience of these meetings and your life is obviously very different from our experience of these things.

So it is that we encourage you to shift from mindful perceptions to soul perceptions. You know the way that is required in order to shift these perceptions and these experiences. As you continue to grow within your soul receiving the great Essence of God, these perceptions emerge, and your experience of life changes and shifts in accordance with the openings of your soul. Your soul complies with the Laws of Love.

Yet, I know that it is difficult for you to perceive and understand the shift that is taking place. It is subtle. It creeps along day by day, drop by drop. These perceptions change. How you see the world and yourself within it changes ever so slightly. Yet, you persist and you are consistent in your efforts. You have faith, faith in God’s plan, faith in our efforts, faith in your fellowship, and faith in the purpose that has been laid before you. You continue to trust and embrace this purpose. You continue to see that there is a direction and there is progress. Though it is slow and somewhat tedious, that part of yourself that is deeply perceptive sees clearly that you are flowing within the purpose of God and the direction of God’s Will.

So, this sense will increase and expand within you in the coming year. There will be some surprises and unexpected opportunities that will come to you. Each of you, as a unique soul, will find unique avenues in order to express your gifts and your instrumentality as an agent of God. Each day is a testing ground for this, my beloved friends. Each day you are given opportunities whether you perceive them, acknowledge them and act upon them is certainly dependent upon your free will choice. Yet, as you continue to progress and you continue to see life from that other angle and goal of the soul, then your perception of these opportunities, your understanding of what is before you in your daily life changes and expands into something more of light, joy and truth. For as Love grows within you, these perceptions and experiences must come as a result. As a result of the growth of your soul, it is less likely that you will ignore the promptings, signals and perceptive experiences that come to you on a daily basis.

Of course, being human as you are, you are forever locked into a tug of war, this tension between expressing the human condition that still lives within you, within your mental perceptions, and the soul condition that is growing and in time will take precedence in your life. Yet, this tension is a gift. It allows you to perceive and see that there is the possibility of great change and opportunity given to you as a gift from God. It is in acting upon these perceptions, acting willingly in response to your guidance and what is coming to you as impressions and insights in a way that is harmonious with the laws of God. As you practise this, refine it and hone it to a new way of being in the world, so your instrumentality, your light, who you are as a being upon this planet, will influence others in accordance with the power of your own actions and your own light.

Yes indeed, it is a great challenge. One which we do not experience, whether that be those of us from other worlds or those in the higher spheres of life in your world, the Celestial Heavens. No, we have gone far beyond these challenges. Our responses, our perceptions and our experiences all reflect a purified soul, a soul that is continuously expanding within the great reality of God, His Love continuing to flow into us. We are awakened. Yet, awakening is an eternal process. You are stirring from your slumbers. The awakening is slight but it is there. Your stirring indicates the blessings of God are having their effects. You will continue to open your eyes ever so slowly, greeting the new world, the new reality of God and finding your way into the light, pure and beautiful and glorious.

The coming year will be a year of awakening. Another year of understanding, perceiving, and joyfully acknowledging the universe of God. This great gift of life that has been given to you will be enhanced by God’s blessings upon you. As you grow, you will perceive more deeply and fully the wonderment that is this gift of life. Indeed, certain attitudes that you carry, certain biases within the mind, and those accumulated perceptions of reality that have come from a life lived, are all slowly being transformed and changed, and some are eliminated into something more in harmony with truth, with light and with love.

Change is not an easy thing, my friends. It is often a struggle for you. You are constantly being bombarded with conditions, attitudes, thoughts, energies and spirits that keep you, or at least conspire to keep you, in your present condition rather than encouraging you toward that which is of greater harmony and light. I am sure many of you are aware of this and struggle with this daily. You cannot enter this path and say *“I am fully committed to it”* without seeing for yourself the roadblocks and barriers that are in the way of a smooth transition from that which is of error and darkness to that which is of light and truth. 

Yet, you persist. We persist. Together we will continue to make headway on this journey of transformation. We will continue to make progress toward the goals we have set together. I wish to say that our commitment will never waver, ever. I wish for you to recommit within yourselves that you will carry forth upon this path and these objectives this coming year. These things will intensify within your consciousness. Your focus will be clear and sharp. Your actions will reflect the desire of your soul. Your efforts will be in harmony with all the Laws of Creation, of love, and of all things that are good and of God. In this way, you ensure progress. In this way, many gifts will unfold and love will reign supreme within your heart and soul so that you may truly be a clear and wondrous light within the world.

You know that we are with you in this. We shall continue together upon the Path Divine, upon the Truth of Love, and bring within our consciousness an understanding of the Will and plan that God has for you and each of us. Beloved, beloved friends, we are on the cusp of a new beginning, a new year. May you be refreshed, my beloved friends, and come to know the great joy that is a life lived in harmony with the Laws of Love, the Laws of God’s Creation, and all that is good. Know that you are loved, truly, deeply loved and that we cherish each one of you, that God cherishes you beyond your capacity to know. You will be surrounded, protected, and guided. We will continue in your soul’s development. We will assist you with this.

May God bless you, my friends, beautiful lights upon the Earth. May those lights grow and sparkle and be bright. God bless you. I am Orion, your friend and helper, and I love you. God bless you, beloveds.
