---
title: "You Are Approaching a New Level of Soul Awareness"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Are Approaching a New Level of Soul Awareness"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Are Approaching a New Level of Soul Awareness

December 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

My friends, it is Orion again coming to instruct and uplift, to care for my charges which God has given to me, a gift indeed, a gift of love to have such beautiful souls to care for and to nurture. So, I am here with you in prayer as I am often with you.

Each of you is approaching a threshold of awareness that comes as your soul awakens and grows, as you continue to consider the truths that have been given and the information to help you mark your guideposts along the journey. So, another guidepost is close where you will have deeper awareness, deeper capacities, deeper abilities of perception, and deeper understanding of the truths. Not through the minds with which you are well-acquainted and know these truths thoroughly, but through the experience of the soul and that multi-dimensional awareness that comes with the soul. To enter into the realm of soul consciousness is a graduated thing because if you upon the earthly plane were thrust within this new way and new experience of living life, there would be many adjustments to make in order to live this life in the fullness of soul.

Instead, it is graduated. This is a small mercy upon each of you. You are feeling and knowing the shifts that are happening within your consciousness. You are coming to realize your true selves. The wonderment of this realization is dawning upon you each day. As you continue along the road, there is indeed a significant shift that you will notice and appreciate. It will bring about cascading shifts within your soul consciousness that will come to the fore and help you to realize the deep truths of which we and others speak and wish to help you in realizing within your own personal reality.

When it becomes personalized like this, then it cannot be altered by your mind or removed by any other force or experience in your life. It becomes truly a part of you. As this reality grows, each piece of the puzzle is added, the picture becoming clearer as you progress forward, then indeed, the focus will be gained, the understanding will be realized, and the joy will be profound for you will have found the truth, a truth so profound, so powerful, so unalterable that it will be with you forever. You sense this truth as part of your coming alive. You have had some experiences that confirm this. But to come to that place where you may willingly go and be within without the happenstance of stumbling within it, then you are well on your way to becoming a true channel of God for you will have come to a place of ownership, of acceptance, a realization of the desire within your soul to find its place within your consciousness.

This step forward will be a tremendous blessing for each of you, it will clarify so many doubts and confusions, those things that are not truly clear, so that you will gain competence, strength, and clarity in this shift toward soul consciousness. This is coming, my friends. It is coming very quickly and soon. There is nothing you need to do to prepare for this, for how can a child prepare for its birth and the new world that comes as it opens its eyes? It merely accepts and walks into that world with faith that it is alive and it is experiencing the wonders of your material world and the love of its parents. Here you will be experiencing the wonders of God’s world and the Heavenly Parent that is your Father in Heaven.

So, I urge you to relax, to pray, to be receptive and open, to be alert, and to allow all that God intends for you to come to you. You are strong enough now that you can discipline your mind which always and will ever more place obstructions before you until that time of the sacred integration of your material mind, your soul mind and your spirit mind. This too will come, another milestone accomplished. But for now ,it is to have that passageway between your material consciousness and the consciousness of soul so well developed and clear that you may travel at will between the two. Is this not what you have longed for, my friends, to be able to do this without wondering whether it may come to you, believing that the forces that make this possible are outside of yourself?

You will come to realize that you possess the will to come home to your soul. You are able to do so because you have worked diligently to be awakened with Divine Love. So, you are awakening. So, the truth and consciousness of the soul will be yours for the taking, possessing, and utilizing in your life. What a wondrous gift God is giving you! What a beautiful heritage you will provide in this world as you become a living example of this truth and walk in this truth with every breath! The world needs you. The world is waiting for you.

I know in your small lives how you see your life and yourself within it. The idea that the world is waiting for you does not make sense for you are only a small part of the huge expanse of humanity. Yet, every soul possesses the capacity to be an instrument, to bring change to the world. So, you are praying for this. You are asking to be that agent of change. You are hoping to fulfill this before your time ends in this world. So, we too work diligently to fulfill this desire, this purpose, and dare I say, this destiny, for God has a plan for each of you. God will continue to help ensure that you walk the road toward it and that the fulfillment of it may be realized.

Yet, because of the Intranginence and Free Will Law that abides within your world, the actual manifestation and fulfillment of this plan is subject to these conditions. Therefore, the ultimate realization of it may not be as pictured, or as you might imagined or seen in some past experience and flash of vision within your soul. It is always changing. Yet, the direction and goal remain the same. But the expression of this journey, of this purpose, of your destiny, may be altered because of the collective choice of humanity that is being made at every moment and breath of earthly life.

I say this not to discourage you, because indeed, many surprises are coming. Many things unanticipated will be realized. But do not fixate upon one particular idea or thought of what your purpose and your gifts may realize in your life. Instead, think of your daily life. Acknowledge it, appreciate it, and honour it so that you may indeed continue to step forward upon this individuated road that God has placed before you. In this way, you are true to God’s Will. In this way, God will guide you, protect you, and show you the way. Indeed, there is no need to know several steps ahead of the game. Instead, be true to the moment. Be true to yourselves. Be true to God. All else will fall into place.

My beloved friends, each of you has great potential and gifts. Each of you may manifest what you call the Direct Voice in time because you have been implanted with the ability to do so. Yet, to do so at this moment would be putting the cart before the horse, as you would say. There is still some journey to take and a few mileposts to pass before you are ready for such a gift, a gift that comes with many responsibilities but will bring much credibility to your work and yourself. It will bring the Truth of God more readily to those who are blind and skeptical and lost for they will see a ray of hope, a possibility of something magnificent, a manifestation of something beautiful and beyond this Earth. How wondrous that will be! How beautiful your instrumentality will be to bring this forth. But indeed, the conditions must be right. You must be ready and we must be ready.

So, we continue on this journey and continue to move forward step by step. Have faith in the blessing of a day, the breath of a moment, the light that is there always. Be in harmony with God, all His Laws of Love. Be in harmony within yourself. Be in harmony with your brothers and sisters. This is all we can ask of you, to truly be in the light and  appreciate the gift of life.

May God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. My love is with you. I know you are eager. I know you see in the world around you much need for upliftment and healing. We all know this but we must be in harmony with God’s plan and the timing of it. In this way, all will unfold in harmony and you will truly be a part of this. May God bless you. May God bless you upon the road. My love is with you, beloved friends.
