---
title: "Reinforces the Truth of Divine Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Reinforces the Truth of Divine Love"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Reinforces the Truth of Divine Love

November 15<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

May the peace of God’s Touch be with you, my beloved brothers and sisters of the Earth plane. I come. I am Jesus and I come to bring my love, to add my prayers, to bless each of you in turn as you open yourself to God in prayer. I come because I love you. I come because the world is in need of those like you who are willing to pray and ask God to bless this world of yours, to bless your soul, to bless your life. For how else can love and light flourish in the world if not by your beseeching God, who is the Source of all love and light, to bless each one of you? I ask you to open your souls wide to a great inflowing of this gift that is God’s Love for you. It is tangible. It is of substance. You must ask to receive it and in receiving it you will begin the journey of transformation. Your soul will be transformed by love, not just the love of man, the natural love that you all possess, but the Love of God which has its own unique character and power and blessing upon your soul.

Seek it, beloved souls. Seek it with all earnestness and desire. Seek to be in the flow of God’s Love. Seek to be in the light of God’s Touch. Seek to know the deep peace that is God’s Presence with you. In this way you follow my teachings. You follow that which I taught many, many years ago upon the Earth plane and continue to teach. Wherever there are ears that can listen and those who are yearning and those who are praying, I come to teach this truth. For it is a truth that is enduring and it brings to each soul who follows this path everlasting life, everlasting love, everlasting joy. May you come to know this great gift and come to recognize it and seek it whenever you have the opportunity to do so.

It is necessary to apply yourself to this truth, to seek it consciously, prayerfully, with deep desire to receive it. For this gift is a gift from God. This blessing comes to each of you through your prayers and desires and opening to it. As you do so, you draw the Holy Spirit that will bless you. You draw the angels of the Celestial Kingdom who will come to reinforce your desires and prayers with theirs and their light encompassing you. I come to be with you through the sincerity and desire of your prayers. I come to affirm the truth. I come to bring blessings to each of you.

God bless you, beloveds. I am your brother. I am your friend. I am Jesus and I love you. God bless you, beloved souls. In the Light of God’s Love, may you know the grace, the peace and the joy that comes in this blessing and light. God bless you.
