---
title: "The Embers of Love Burning in Your Souls Are Felt Around the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Samuel says The Embers of Love Burning in Your Souls Are Felt Around the World"
date: 2025-06-19 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Embers of Love Burning in Your Souls Are Felt Around the World

April 18<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Soul Awakening Tour, Holland America Cruise

Luke received by Al Fike

…souls, I am Luke. Your souls are beginning to awaken to their gifts and abilities that are of the spiritual quality and nature that God has given to you. A soul in alignment with God, can do much to benefit your world and your own individual selves. Once you allow God into your hearts, once you allow yourself to accept and to become aware of the power of the soul, the beauty of the soul, the capacities of the soul to love, to perceive, to understand and to express great light and wisdom, then you will truly begin your mission on Earth, and you will truly find yourself within the great flow and Will of God.

For many, this comes very slowly and with many trials and tribulations. But, for the purpose of serving God at this time, and the unfolding of His plan for the salvation of humanity, so the time grows short and the efforts are intense to assist all of you, including those who may listen to this message, to awaken, to be in that condition, that place of light, the soul awakened, as much as is possible within this shortened period of time. So that when the time comes and you are needed, you will have within you the strength, the power, the love, the wisdom, and the capacity to be God’s instruments to the greatest degree, reflecting your efforts and your will to be in alignment with God.

Beloved souls, your gifts are opening. This dear daughter must come to recognize our powerful gifts, the capacities and abilities to bring forth the words that we may speak, as we are in alignment with God and God speaks through us to you. The great Blessings of God continue to flow in great abundance. The awakenings come with each day. Your prayers continue to reflect the intentions of your soul, directed to God, awakening with each breath, God’s Blessings pouring upon you. His Love is great, wondrous, transformative, and brings to you what you require to be truly in alignment with God, that His Will be done through you, beloved souls.

Though you may not see and understand the journey that you are to take, and indeed, it is a leap of faith that you continue to aspire to be God’s instruments. So, the plan unfolds, the doors open, the path is cleared. All conditions that are not in harmony with your love, with God’s Love, will fall away, and you will know a strength and power, the glory of a soul truly expressed through your individual self, in ways and means that will surprise you, that will be most exemplary of the Will of God and the blessings of God.

Where much is given, much is expected, my friends. For, we invest our time and energies to be with you, so that you may truly be that beautiful soul that you are meant to be, and all the glorious gifts and abilities awakened, the flow of God’s Love unimpeded through you, touching many others. So, God, in His Wisdom, has great plans for each of you, beloved souls, and so, these plans will unfold. So you will come to know the Will of God, come to express His Will in your own unique fashion and way, the expression of your soul. His Touch is upon you, my beloved, beautiful friends. His Will manifests through you and shall do so with greater clarity, power, beauty, love.

May God bless you on that journey. May God be with you always, your lives blessed, blessed in light, your journey filled with many opportunities to serve. Protect it always, in His Light, His Hand resting upon you, His Truth in your hearts and minds and souls, His Love reflecting through all aspects of who you are, beloved souls. Know the peace of His Touch, the awakening, the power of this, the beauty of this, and the timing that comes in the fullness of your journey towards atonement with God.

God bless you, beloveds. We are close, shall continue to be close. Take full advantage of the time you have together. Speak of your yearnings. Speak of that which is in your hearts. Speak of that which your minds continue to struggle with. Come together as family in support and love of one another. In this, much growth and release of conditions will be manifest as you walk some time together upon this Earth. God bless you, beloved souls. I am Luke. I am with you. I am with you, beloveds. God bless you.
