---
title: "Amplitudes of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Amplitudes of Light"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Amplitudes of Light

November 12<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Blessings, my beloved friends. I am Orion. I wish to speak about amplitudes of light and how this affects you personally and the universe as a whole. As you well know, God created an ordered universe with many laws and aspects of it working in harmony together in order for the light to be sustained and for the flow of harmony and progress, so to speak, to be sustained eternally. Light is a manifestation of God. Light is the response of God’s creation in the universe. Even those things in the universe that humanity has not perceived yet and call dark matter, are really a different amplitude and expression of light in the universe.

We utilize our understanding of light and its various amplitudes to communicate, to travel, to manipulate the material universe, to grow spiritually within our spirit bodies, and to know health in such a way that our years of existence in the material plane are greatly expanded. It is difficult for you to understand the complexities of the amplitudes of light. But I say to you that light comes in many amplitudes or what you might call vibrations. Indeed, when one discerns between these amplitudes, even those things that are not readily perceived by the material senses, then one gains the key to the operations of the universe and can utilize that key in many different ways.

When the time comes for us to make ourselves known to you upon the Earth plane, this is one truth that we will teach and help humanity come to realize the subtleties and layers of God’s creation, that of light. You think of the universe as having many dimensions but, in truth, the universe is one dimension divided into many layers. Although we may be discussing semantics here in this label, it is important to realize that these layers are not so separate from one another but work in congress with each other in order to sustain the universe and bring harmony to it.

God’s expression of life in the universe is very complex indeed. One individual may not know or come to understand its complexities entirely, no matter how long their lifespan is, how intelligent their mental faculties are, or even how perceptive their soul perceptions are. Though with these things combined, we may explore the universe in great depth, understanding the workings of the universe in many ways, and therefore, utilize our understanding for our benefit so that we may operate in the universe in harmony with the laws of God’s creation.

As you well know, the awakening of soul perceptions is a vital key and component to such an exploration. As we delve into the secrets of the universe, it is not the material mind that allows us the possibility of understanding these things, for our existence, our reality, and our consciousness are far different from yours. We have gone far beyond the limits of the material mind and have incorporated the material mind with the mind of the soul to such a degree that the possibility of communicating the truths that we know, an understanding of the universe that we have come to know, it would be difficult to utilize the words and concepts of your limited material mind. Yet, we will try our best to help you and others upon the earthly plane to understand the workings of the universe, of your own Earth, of your own being.

You see it is time for humanity to make that great leap from the immaturity and limitations of the material life as you know it to that of the life that integrates all aspects,  material, spiritual and cosmic so that the great awareness of each soul and collective souls upon your Earth will bring about a deep and profound understanding of many things. This will help humanity realize that their course of action, their cultures, their perceptions of the world, their reality must be transformed and reconfigured into the greater reality of God’s universe.

Understanding the nature of light, the amplitudes of light, and the expressions of light in the universe is an important component for humanity’s understanding of how they may move in the world without disrupting the harmony of the world. This fundamental approach of understanding that which is in harmony and that which is not will be a part of the beginning of our teachings to humanity.

I only wish that I could utilize an instrument on Earth to do so at this time. But indeed, because of your mindful limitations and your somewhat meager soul progression, it is not possible for it would require the integration of both mind and soul as we have spoken of many times for this to be possible. Indeed, even if it were and the information was given, how would it be received by humanity at this time? Some would feel threatened. Others would be intrigued but still lacking in the capacity to understand that which we speak of. Others who have the wisdom and a certain amount of perception may accept and appreciate what is given. But indeed, the conditions of your world make it so that we are very limited in what we may share and you are very limited in what you may understand.

I do not say this to belittle you or suggest that you lack these capacities. Yet, like everything in the universe that progresses toward awakening, expansion, truth and harmony, it takes time and application, practice, and expression for it to be realized. Each of you have dedicated a portion of your life to the spiritual progression of your soul. You are engaged in the material world as are every individual soul. The amount of time, effort and dedication required to come to that place of an awakened state, a fully integrated state, is not entirely feasible. Although it is possible, how many of you are willing to negate all the other aspects of your life and be completely focused upon the need for spiritual growth and expression and to bring to reality all the wondrous potentials and aspects of your being? It is indeed a great challenge.

You continue to find your way and express yourself in the ways that are acceptable to both your mind and your soul but to make that great leap beyond these expectations, that which is acceptable to you, is a rarity for humankind. Yet we persist, do we not, my friends? We come and bring our words of wisdom, inspiration, and love so that you may feel comfortable with the process of awakening and integration. You do so at your own pace for one fundamental law of the universe is that of free will. You come to the Source of All Life seeking the blessing of God’s Essence. Unfortunately, you do so in a limited way, as a reflection of your own personal condition, desires and mind.

The soul has actually become a minor player in all of this, for each of you lives in this mentally powerful and insistent condition that is part of your world. You see yourself making progress but yet you wish for more. You desire things to be expedited as do we. But do you truly see the barriers that are in place, those comfortable modes of thought and perception that you carry, that well-constructed view of the world that you have spent many, many hours upon, your mind creating its own structure, its own reality which you may share with others but indeed is unique to you?

The material world is just one thin layer of God’s world, God’s universe. Indeed, you have spent most of your life exploring this aspect of life and have dedicated much time to it. Can you imagine if you open the door to the many other layers that exist in the universe, in reality? Can you imagine the difficulty you might have in accepting these altered realities and perceptions so that you are immersed in something very new indeed, although these things have existed for all eternity?

Yes, it is a complex matter, the progression of your beings, the journey toward truth, the understanding of your own self and the understanding of the universe. This can only come with an awakened soul. Yet, you continue to set the pace of this awakening to a degree that it comes very slowly indeed. In this way, you are comforted with one foot in the reality of your own making and one foot in the reality of your soul’s understanding. But in time, you will integrate. Both feet will be within the soul's perceptions and experience of the universe. It must come as you grow in the great blessing of the Divine Love, that you may expand in the perceptions that come with this and come to accept and embrace these changes, these openings, these capacities to truly perceive what God has created.

It comes with love and joy and the excitement of new discoveries. IT comes as you continue to embrace those differences of perceptions, from that which you have been born with and taught of. You have come to accept me and my friends. You have come to accept your angel friends, spirits, and other dimensions of the earthly plane. Yes, you have integrated much over the years but there is so much more that requires your acceptance and integration.

We must embrace change together. Know that we are with you in that journey of awakening and opening to the truth of your existence, the truth of God’s creation. The truth of all that is of this truth is immense, beyond your capacity to truly understand its immensity, depth, and breadth. Yet indeed, we venture forth, do we not, my friends? The light continues to grow within you. Its amplitudes expanding out. With this expansion comes different insights, different understandings, different visions, and different experiences.

You will find your way. We have great hope for your continued blossoming and awakening. We see and know of and have fully experienced the power of the Divine Love to awaken and to open your vision and capacity to understand, opening all that is within you that is of God. You will find your way. We are privileged to witness this unfolding of who you are, the transition from that limited being to that which has no limitations, only the reflection of the amount of the Essence of God’s Soul within you, expanding out, creating a new and glorious being which is intended by God and will be realized by you.

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I love you dearly, beautiful brothers and sisters of the Earth. You are glorious manifestations of God and we honour this. We love you as our true brothers and sisters, for we truly are. We truly are. God bless you. God bless you all.
