---
title: "Blessing of Healing"
menu_title: ""
description: "Blessing of Healing"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Blessing of Healing

December 8<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Confucius received by Al Fike

May the Light of God's Love envelop you all, beloved, beloved souls. I am Confucius and I come to be with you in your prayers. My flock of little birds grows, does it not, as you add another precious soul to your family of souls? So this grows and brings greater light to the collective gathering of souls eager for God's Love to flow into them. You share this experience and as such, you bond together in love. Dear physician, we are appreciative of your advice to this instrument and his mate, for as he is in need of education, he is in need of one who may give him that which he needs to know in order to understand his condition. For we wish for him to live many more years upon the Earth so that he may serve God accordingly. So it is important that you and others remind him of the limitations of his body. As he grows older, so those limitations narrow and make for a different way of life than what he is used to. So it is for all upon this earthly plane and the physical limitations of the body, and you must be aware, beloved souls, of those limitations, otherwise, you cause yourself harm and pain, suffering.

How fortunate you are on this earthly plane that you know so much about the functionings of the material, that you may use this for your benefit. But still, there are many things to be known, many aspects of your being to discover, many truths to absorb and to express in your life. The physical is but one aspect of the great expanse of knowledge and experience that is available to you so that you may understand yourself more fully and know the universe more completely. As you seek the great gift of Love from the Source of all love, so you must grow in knowledge and insight, perception and joy. It cannot be any other way, beloved souls. It is the way of God that nurtures his children, not only on this plane but many others. So His intention is that you may grow strong in every respect, that you may utilise all that you are and be all that you can be in this world.

The journey of awakening, of refinement of your being, healing, transforming, is a great journey, a journey towards awakening in fullness, expanding in knowledge, truth, love. These things come with your efforts, not only of the mind, but of the spirit and the soul as well. We urge you so often to nurture your soul, for this is where truth comes from and knowledge of God abides. But still you must also acknowledge that you live upon the material plane and must be in alignment and in harmony with the laws that govern this plane. As with so many upon your Earth, the amount of focus and application is often unbalanced. Many seek the knowledge of the mind, the material mind, and ignore the knowledge of the soul. But that unbalance can come in another way. You may know the knowledge of the spirit and the soul and ignore the knowledge of the mind, to your detriment. These things must be in harmony together, beloved souls. You must come together in harmony within yourself and amongst one another.

Yes, life is filled with challenges, but also life is filled with many blessings and opportunities for joy and experiencing the wonders and fruits of God's Creation and blessings. So much comes to a soul who is receptive and seeks truth and this awakening to truth and love, joy. All of these things come as you gain in wisdom, as you endeavor to be in harmony with yourself, in balance with all aspects of your being. Yes, with this wisdom comes the capacity to know what is in harmony with you and your life and to know that which is not. So I urge you, beloved souls, to contemplate your life and that which is not bringing joy and harmony and peace, to act accordingly with integrity, with wisdom and knowledge, to be that individual who is expansive in life and love, that knows joy and good health, who knows the peace that comes with a mind that is settled and in harmony with the soul to allow the wisdom of the soul, the insights of the soul, to find its way to the consciousness of the material mind.

In this way, you will have a good life, beloved souls, a life that is full and rich and joyful, where pain will be at the minimal portions and joy overwhelming and great within you. The Love of God can bring this to you, my friends. The Love of God is the foundation for all that I speak of. As you seek this, so these other parts of yourself must come into alignment and bring together a wholeness, a vitality, a beauty of your being as it shines in light, as it expresses love. Not only love for that which is in the world and all about you, but love that is you and your inner world. Love must permeate all aspects of your being and bring to you a harmony that is rare upon this Earth plane.

I urge you to apply the truths and wisdom that you know and bring to yourself that which is of joy and harmony and peace. I also urge you not to overburden yourself, judging yourself, worrying about those flaws that you carry, for this is not love. Rather, to acknowledge those things which need your attention and then praying about them, bringing them to God, asking for assistance and upliftment. You will find that God will find a way to unburden you, to heal you and to engender harmony and peace within you. These things come to those who have faith, who desire to be in harmony with all of God's Laws of Love. It is in this faith, in this choice and this desire, that the doors open for your healing and for grace to abide within you and around you. This will come, my beloved, beautiful souls of God.

You seek in the right direction, you desire light and truth and love, and so these things will bring the benefits that you seek and the healing that must come with love. The greatest hindrance are the biases of your mind, the fears and the judgments. These things you must see and acknowledge and release so that the fullness of God's Love may penetrate every part of your being and be a reflection of all that you are. May the peace that has no limitations, the Love that is infinite, the Light that is of God's great Soul envelop you all, beloved children, beautiful birds of God, and we shall fly together towards at-onement as love carries us on the Breath of God.

God bless you, beloveds. I love you, God loves you, and you love one another. How beautiful, how beautiful are you all in the grace of God. God bless you. I am Confucius and I love you. I see each one of you for the beautiful soul that you are. God bless you all. God bless you all in His Love.
