---
title: "Guidance for Coming Earth Changes"
menu_title: ""
description: "Guidance for Coming Earth Changes"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Guidance for Coming Earth Changes

October 5<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Pacific Coast Soul Awakening Tour, Menifee, CA, USA

Andrew received by Al Fike

You are having important conversations regarding your future, seeking to do God's Will, also seeking to prepare yourselves for the changes that are coming, those things that we have spoken of many times and given you guidance as to how you may deal with these conditions and challenges. You must also understand that we will not interfere with your free will, that we will not specifically guide, unless it is of crucial importance or a situation of life and death, for we protect our instruments and all those who are upon this path. It is our commitment to be with you and to guide you and to assist you in light.

So we walk the razors edge, my beloved friends, that of our wisdom and our perception, which gives us the advantage of foresight, and that of your journey of growth towards greater light. So we guide as a parent would guide a child, ensuring that that child does not injure itself or come to some great harm. Yet, we also like a parent, allow the child to make its own mistakes and to struggle somewhat in the material world. Otherwise, how would they become strong? How would they cope with the world without some inner resources and wisdom gained through experience and through their own intuitive nature? And so you must rely upon those things within you.

It is human nature that you would look to others to tell, to give the information needed to guide accordingly. Yet, in this way you create within yourself a weakness, a blind spot, where when the time comes where you truly need to use your own resources, perceptions, they will not be there for you have not developed them. So I urge you, my friends, to seek within, to seek in your prayers and to ask for guidance from God, for in this way, you reach for the highest. Though you may distort that guidance through your mind, still a kernel of truth remains. The intention, God's intention is there.

Yes, you may misinterpret the guidance and move in a direction but is not intended, but as you continue to rely upon your intuition, then you will find your way back to the road intended. Thus, your trial and error is important. Mulling over serious matters and important issues is important. For how else would you come to clarity? It would be wonderful if each of you spontaneously came to understand the wisdom of your own soul and through this, God’s wisdom flowing into your soul. But indeed, in this world of yours such a prospect is rather rare and is not often sustainable. So you must go through this process of awakening, of strengthening, of testing the waters, of coming to your own conclusions, and act accordingly.

As for your ideas of banding together for support and strength and light and bringing others into the fold; would we stop you from this? No. Would we support you if you made that serious commitment? Of course. But it is a free will choice. It is not something mandated by God for you to do. And the reason for this, although in your mind you would think this is the logical approach to this serious situation and those conditions that are on the horizon, but as we have guided you many times, the greatest effort that you can make in preparation is to understand your own soul, thereby opening up the avenues of communication, of intuition, of knowledge, of wisdom and love, so that with each day, you are guided. With each day you come, with each footfall, upon the path that God has designated for you.

I know this is a frustrating situation for you, for you been taught to prepare in advance for everything, to make a plan and act upon it, and this is the human way. This is a reflection of the human condition. But indeed, we are teaching you another way. We are helping you to understand your higher selves, that place of the soul that knows more fully and completely, the steps that you must take. How many of you are attuned to your souls in this way? How many of you feel the burning desire within, not only for the Fathers Love but to enact the Father’s Will in your life, and to know that Will with each moment, to feel and be secured in this alignment between your soul and God’s great Soul? This is what we urge you to do. For when that awakening is established and these gifts are secured in your consciousness, then the plans that you make and what you can accomplish will truly be in harmony with God’s Will. How else could it be?

 For, you will come to recognize the difference between your mind's concepts and ambitions, and that of your soul’s knowing. We are with you with the intention of helping you to develop your soul, assisting you upon that road. Of course, it is a road of trial and error, it is a road of success and failure, but it is a road that must be taken, with faith primarily, with a sense of bravery and commitment. In this way, it will not take long for you to establish the communications required. It will not take long for you to be sure of your footsteps. In this way, much of the error will be eliminated and that time taken to take that errant road will be eliminated so you may walk that straight and narrow path. Indeed, it requires your faith and commitment to trust in the Will of God and to trust that you may know the Will of God.

It does not come easily in your world, but indeed, as you become more empowered with God’s Love growing within you, so the way opens and the way shall be clear, unobstructed by the conjecture of your mind but understood in a way that is so different from your mind, a way that encompasses the truth, a way that gives many answers in one, a way that in the experience of knowing, you recognize that this is a gift from God and is in alignment with God. So I urge you, my beloved brothers and sisters, to seek the Will of God above all else. Do not worry or fret about what is coming, but to sense the joy of your soul which knows that these things that come are a deep blessing for all, and that the way will be open to you to find the resolutions and the solutions to this great dilemma, which is a world that you know that will dissolve and disappear, making way for a new world.

You worry of the transitional time, and I say to you, as you grow in faith, in your gifts, in love, God will provide for you and God will guide you so that you become a great purveyor of truth, an initiator of that which is meant to be in the world. These are the things that God wishes of you, my friends, to be His instruments in the world, which require you to be free of any encumbrances, whether that be material or spiritual. These things must fall away. So you will find yourselves choosing and desiring things that you would not in the past choose or desire. But in this new future coming, step-by-step you will see for yourselves the solutions that God will offer to you, the road which God will provide for you, and the avenues of survival in a material world that will indeed be evident and will provide for you.

It is a thing of faith, my beloved and beautiful friends. Faith is difficult for you upon this Earth that for so long, humanity has relied upon their own resources and has turned their back to God. Yet, we are asking you to countermand these edicts of philosophy and action in your material world, and to trust in the Will God. This is controversial to discount the great efforts of man to make himself secure and to make this world in his image. Yet, we ask you to not abide by this, although indeed you live within it and must do as what is required in order to live within it. But in time, these conditions, what has been created, will fall to rack and ruin, will not function in the way that humanity expects.

So this is where the chaos begins and you are in the midst of this. Have you not encountered and lived through a period of time where many of the normal, or what you call normal, ways of life were contradicted and you lived in isolation? This is a warning. This is a taste of what is to come. I say this not to engender fear within you, I say this to warn you that you cannot know what is coming and how it will manifest. All you can do is seek the inner knowing, the guidance from God, and in this way, whatever steps you are to take will become clear. In this way, how you build in preparation for these times will be the perfect solution to a chaotic world.

Have faith in yourselves. Trust in the Will of God. Seek more earnestly in prayer. Be in alignment with God. In this will come many blessings, many avenues of understanding and knowing. It will make you wise. It will secure you in the Will of God. You will not suffer as many will, but you will know joy as many do not. And you will bring others to that place, for there is no other solution, my beloveds, there is no other solution than that which is of God. So you proclaim your dedication to the truth. You say, “I am a child of God and I follow this Path of Love.” So I say to you, be true to your will and your desire and your actions which reflect this, this way of love, and all will be in harmony. All will come accordingly and within the timing that is important for each of you. Trust in yourselves. Encourage one another in the way of prayer and faith. Know that you are loved deeply, you are cared for powerfully and beautifully, and that this is all that you may concern yourself with, my friends. When guidance comes, act. If there is no guidance, wait. So God will bring to you what you require.


Know that we are close, very close, beloveds, and we shall truly bring you to these awarenesses as you are open and you do not obstruct them by plans and ideas that are of the mind, but be centered within your soul and come to understand what that means and what that is. Work towards this, beloveds. This is what God wishes for you at this time, to work towards knowing your own soul and growing your own soul through prayer, through efforts to receive His gift of Love. With this, all things shall follow, all solutions will come, all guidance will be given. God does not hold back from His children, merely, He awaits when you are ready and willing to receive. It is the Law of Free Will, my friends. It is the law that governs so much.

May you be free from the fears and anxieties of the present and the future. May you know joy, which is expansive and deep and abiding within your soul. May you have wisdom that comes forth from your soul awakened and all its faculties coming alive and contributing to your consciousness. May you truly be a child of God. My love is with you. I am Andrew and I love you. I am with you always. I am with this charge always. So we come together in a great act of faith to be with God and to be in harmony with God’s Will. God bless you, my friends. God bless you with Love. I love you. I love each of you. Beautiful souls, beautiful souls, be in the peace of God as we pray together. God bless you. God bless you.
