---
title: "More Prayer is Required to Bring Through Direct Voice"
menu_title: ""
description: "More Prayer is Required to Bring Through Direct Voice"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# More Prayer is Required to Bring Through Direct Voice

July 26<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

Much remains in your development, beloved souls, not so much in the development of the gifts that you call Direct Voice for the groundwork has been laid and what is required is available to manifest this gift. When I suggest you are in need of development, I am suggesting that is the development of your soul, that you must continue to work diligently and pray fervently for this development to continue on the trajectory that it is upon, for without this development, without your maturity of soul and discernment, gifts, and ability to navigate the pitfalls of a dark world, this gift will not serve its purpose nor will it be a blessing to any of you who develop and manifest it. Because without the maturity, without the strength, without the capacity to discern and be in harmony with that which is of God’s Will, then you will venture down a misguided road that may seem to your mind one that is of great service and equitable to your ideas and fantasies about this service. But as we have told you and as you know within your soul’s reckoning that it is God’s Will that must be done in this regard. It is God’s plan that must be laid out and understood and followed, that with the capacity of your free will, you must acquiesce and subscribe to God’s plan rather than project and assume from your ideas and mindful considerations what it is that you believe what must be done and how it must manifest.

I understand that the most difficult thing for you, my beloved brothers and sisters, is to be patient and to be consistent in your prayers and yearnings and alignment with God. This is what is required for the development which I speak of. Your souls continue to awaken and open. I am not suggesting that you are going backwards or that you are wasting your time in any way in this journey and effort toward greater Light and greater Love in your soul. I am merely suggesting that more effort is required. How often have I spoken this to you, my beloved friends? More effort is required. I know that your life draws you away from this effort quite often and quite intensely.

But as I speak of maturity, I speak of the ability to make that choice when you are confronted with this decision to either move forward in prayer or to attend to some material matter. The material must be dealt with, of course. You must live a life in the material world but you have had many blessings with angels attending to you that assist you in your material life and when possible, make this easier for you with your journey upon this earthly life. But as is always the case, it is your mind which draws you away. It is the priority of mind, the priority of thought, and the priority of intention which is in alignment with the material world that brings you away from God.

I am also not suggesting that you spend all of your time in prayer. But when you do spend that time in prayer, I ask you to be focused, to pray with intense faith and desire, to be in alignment with God. This alignment must be of your whole being with God, not with your mind drifting elsewhere, your thoughts interfering with your prayers and your communion with God, rather, that your whole self is with God and the yearning for the Divine Love, His Essence to flow into your soul in great abundance. As you commit yourself in this way, as you open yourself fully and completely to God, then the gifts and blessings will that come will circumvent these distractions and will be far stronger than the mind which wishes to go elsewhere and dwell within the material world and unconsciousness.

Discipline, consistency, desire, and humility all play their part in this effort to align yourself with all that is the Divine and within the Divine plan. So, I urge you, my beloved brothers and sisters, to consider your thoughts, consider the moment, consider every moment, and how you are engaged with that moment. You pray to be God’s channels, God’s instrument, be an instrument for what you call Direct Voice and yet, that commitment is not whole-hearted, is not complete. Unfortunately, that human side of you often gets the better of you and derails you from this venture to be all, involved within.

Please do not take this as criticism for I merely point out the obvious and I merely wish to help you to focus and direct your thoughts and your intentions toward that which is more in alignment with God. You have great resources behind you, in front of you, and around you. These resources can be utilized to assist you in your efforts and your challenges. Merely ask beloveds, merely ask for the helping hand of God and the blessings that come with your angels close by. It will be given. It can be given every moment. If you are in alignment with it, it can be your blessing with each breath. May you find that blessing, beloved souls, to such a degree, to such an extent that there is no need for me or any angel to remind you of the goal at hand and how to fulfill that goal. You ask to fulfill it. You say that you are in alignment and agreement with this goal.

So, I ask you, is your heart fully in alignment? Is your mind acquiescing to your heart and soul? Are you in harmony with God, in harmony with the Laws of Love? These things you must ask yourself every day and come to the conclusion that is honest and forthright for one cannot step forward without clarity and strength and commitment, the strength of applying the laws accordingly, and the truth expressed in your life. Beloved souls, you are loved, so very loved. You are upheld in more ways, that this light and upholding grace is greater than almost all of humanity in this world at present. With these blessings, can you not be in alignment? Is it that far away? It is only a matter of choice and action fulfilling the true desires of your soul, fulfilling God’s Will for you, and fulfilling the way ahead that God lays before you.

May God bless you, my beloved friends. Know that I love you and I am with you on this journey and shall continue to uphold you, as will all the angels who surround you. God bless you. God will bless you abundantly as you beseech His blessings with earnestness and desire, the fullness of your soul in alignment with God. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you.
