---
title: "Speaks of the Quantum Leap Humanity is About to Take in Soul Awareness"
menu_title: ""
description: "Speaks of the Quantum Leap Humanity is About to Take in Soul Awareness"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Speaks of the Quantum Leap Humanity is About to Take in Soul Awareness

April 22<sup>nd</sup>, 2022

Soul Awakening Tour, Holland America Cruise

Copernicus received by Al Fike

I am Copernicus. While you are weighted down by the physical presence on the Earth plane, your souls are not. For, they are not truly affected by time and space. Your souls are of a different place, a different dimension and are capable of living within and interacting with this dimension that is of God, rather than that which is of man. So you are coming to understand that the consciousness of the soul is within a different paradigm of reality than that of the physical mind. You will find that you will, in time, be in two worlds, the world of God and the world of man, the physical and the spiritual. Although it was never intended that this duality existed, it is through the endeavors of man that he created his own reality.

Therefore, the schism between God Consciousness and man consciousness was created from the very beginning, and God has allowed for this to be so. He has not thwarted man’s endeavors to explore his own creative capacities and abilities to express and be within his own reality. Thus, the perception of man of God’s Reality, God’s Creation, reflects this schism of perspective. Everything that God has created has a spiritual component and is more reflective of that gentleman’s description of quantum reality.

But indeed, it is very difficult for the mind, the material mind, to understand and relate to these esoteric ideas of what reality is. Yet, he comes closer to the truth than you might think, although he is, and his cohorts are attempting to explain things from the intellectual perspective. Thus, the spiritual perspective is lost and unrecognized as a valid position, in order to describe and prove the theories that he is entertaining. But indeed, as the soul grows in its powers, faculties, perceptions, these truths of what reality is composed of become more understandable, and you have more of a capacity to absorb the truth of the matter. Until then, much of what is being spoken and shared, understood, is entertained within the material mind and thus, very confusing and contradictory.

The mind of the soul will share with you when you are ready, when you can accept this duality of consciousness and work with it in such a way that the two may come together and make sense and harmony. Then you will come to know the truth. At your present state, the truth is contradictory to your mindful consciousness, and it will be and is, difficult to reconcile what the soul knows and what the mind knows in any great detail. But you will come to that place in time, and you will reconcile your perceptions and harmonize them so that truth will become truth, and in your own consciousness, will be irrefutable.

For some of you, you have experiences like this. You are given a perception of truth that is often a gift from your angel friends, who give to you what you refer to as downloads of information. You then are able to reconcile these perspectives to some degree. But for each of you, it is a long road towards true soul perception and true soul understanding that will allow you to see beyond the limitations of the intellect and the material, and arrive at that place where so many truths can be perceived and such a reality is accepted, the reality that is in harmony with God’s Laws of Creation, in harmony with God’s Laws of Love.

To make that quantum shift from your physical reality, as is prescribed and reinforced daily by the human condition, to that place of truth and God’s Reality, would be completely disorienting and you would find yourselves rejecting the experience. So, the journey from one reality to the next, from the illusion of the human experience and the truth of God’s Creation, must come incrementally as you continue to grow in Divine Love. Your souls awaken and open so that you may see the truth of the matter from that multidimensional perspective of the soul.

I taught and dedicated my life upon the Earth plane to the discovery of physical laws. I was the forerunner of your physicists of today, and my understanding was rudimentary indeed. Even the truths that I discovered are only relevant to one dimension, one plane of existence. But I have now continued on my journey of discovery and have found many, many things which, if I were ready to experience and understand them when I was in the physical body, would be completely contradictory to my perceptions and understanding of earthly life.

But now, humanity must take this quantum leap from the old and rudimentary ideas of reality and their existence in, from their perspective, your perspective, a material universe, come to realise that the universe is multi-dimensional and that all is existing simultaneously within these multi-dimensions. When humanity can grasp this truth, you will be able to master many things and utilise the energies and elements of the universe in many ways that will assist you in your material life as well as your spiritual life.

With the discovery of these truths, you will be able to live upon this Earth without doing the damage and disharmony that you presently do. Thus, your stellar friends, as you call them, will assist you in understanding the laws of physics that are beyond the mindful understanding and perception. This great leap in humanity is coming. You will find that many things that you believe today are not actually true or relevant to the coming world, the emerging of the new world, where greater truth is accepted and applied in daily life.

So much awaits humanity. But for humanity to accept and to live within a new reality, the old must give way to the new. Truth must give way **to error, or conversely,** error to truth. Beloved souls, you sit upon the cusp of great change and a new era for humanity. So, much will flood into your consciousness, many new concepts and ideas will come and challenge those things that are firmly entrenched within your mind. This is why we urge you to continue to prepare yourselves in prayer and receiving the great gift that God has to give to you, in order to awaken your soul and awaken that consciousness so that it is predominant.

You will be able to manage the shift more readily with the strength and perception of the soul, rather than relying upon your intellect and your material mind. The era that is coming is the era of the soul, where the soul takes precedence, the soul will have more power over your consciousness, and will integrate the mind in such a way that you will find that the new reality will be something desirable, acceptable, and you will know joy in embracing it.

May you continue on in your efforts to understand, to grow in love, to be an individual with a soul that is beautiful, powerful, and Light-filled with the Essence of God. You are the forerunners of the new man, the new being whom God has nurtured to this point, and now will lift him over the chasm to that place of greater truth. So it will come for you as it will come for all, in good time. You begin to get glimpses and ideas, inspirations, visions of what is to come, and this will increase as you find your way upon this path towards greater truth.

May God bless you upon that path. When the time comes, may you joyfully accept your destinies, which is to reside in a different world than that which is of this day. For, this is the world that God intends, a world where harmony exists and love will be the currency, and humanity will come together in harmony and peace. I know you all wish for this and pray for this, and I urge you to continue in this. For your prayers are powerful, your thoughts are powerful, your desires are powerful. For, these elements are the creative aspects of humanity, expressed in their own beautiful ways, shaping the world, shaping reality, by absorbing and in alignment with God’s blessings and laws. So the reality changes, so the truth emerges as you continue to walk upon this path of love, this path that must invariably lead to harmony and acceptance of God’s Creation and Being. It comes to you in bits, drips, and drabs, but still that drip steadily flowing into your soul will eventually fill the vessel to overflowing, and then you will truly know that of which I speak.

Thank you for listening to me. I am Copernicus. I am happy to speak to you today on such esoteric subjects. May you find your way to truth. May God open the door to truth. May your soul have the capacity to understand truth in ever greater ways and capacities that are given in this great gift of Love. God bless you, my friends, keep you in light. God bless you.
