---
title: "Our Soul Perceptions are Paramount in the Work Ahead"
menu_title: ""
description: "Our Soul Perceptions are Paramount in the Work Ahead"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Our Soul Perceptions are Paramount in the Work Ahead

March 5<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Guardiens of the Light, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Blessings to you, my friends, it is Orion. I come to speak to you about the necessity for alignment, both within yourselves and among yourselves. What does alignment mean? It means a resonance of thought, intention and spiritual condition that arises when you are all in accord together. This also comes when you are in accord with God. When there is discord, then this resonance cannot be accomplished and alignment is not present. When I speak of alignment, I do not suggest that you must all think alike and have an entirely common philosophy together in order to work together. Because of your individual life experiences and circumstances, this would be an unreasonable request. For each of you see the world differently and each of you are still entrenched within your minds and continue to view the world through your five senses primarily with your mind responding to this stimuli.

The sort of alignment that I speak of is the alignment of deeper parts of yourself, that which is not necessarily of the mind, those parts that are of the soul, of the spirit. For these elements are more powerful and resilient than that of the mind which is intransitive and unable to clearly understand truth in the way that we are speaking of truth. This is why we continue to encourage you to go to your soul, to make that a well-worn path between your consciousness and the consciousness of your soul. For when the consciousness of your soul is more predominant, then the consciousness of your mind and the ideas and habits and workings of your mind are not so insistent and predominant in affecting and dictating your actions and your thoughts. Although it is important that the alignment of your mind is with that of your soul and your spirit, as this makes your life easier and less conflictual. But in truth, when the soul is empowered with Divine Love and the spirit responds to this empowerment, bringing greater harmony to all the energetic parts of your being, then the mind has little chance of dominating. In your world the most predominant way of seeking spiritual awakening and light is through the mind. Yet, we are introducing and teaching something quite different. It is not from the top down, so to speak, but from the bottom up. The deepest part of you to the most conscious part of you is what we seek to nurture and awaken. In this way, alignment can be attained without all the machinations and processing of the mind which is so eager to add more details, to explore more avenues, to see more clearly through the intellect and the alignment of belief with that of your deeper self.

Instead the empowerment comes as the soul awakens and the understanding and alignment comes as the soul is strengthened as you allow the power of insight,  perception, gifts and abilities of the soul to emerge into your conscious self more readily, more powerfully, more completely. Though it is a great challenge for you to live in a world that is dominated by the mind. And yet, you seek to change the world, to be an active agent for that change and the world will never fully change or recover from the tyranny of the mind if this is the avenue in which you wish to proceed and to nurture in your spiritual development. As I have said, it is an all too common perspective and  route towards light, one that is vulnerable, inconsistent and changeable as it continues to garner more information and create more and larger paradigms of what it calls truth. Yet,  that truth is merely a dim reflection of what is truly part of God’s creation and God’s truth.

You understand this. You know that it is the perception and understanding of the soul which will bring you truth. Though that truth may come somewhat dimly into your consciousness, it will grow and strengthen and come alive within you and as it grows, and so your alignment grows, that alignment between all parts of yourself. From the soul to the mind can be a powerful and clear route that is not obstructed by the mind. Yet, because of your conditions, the conditions in which you live and the conditions in which you nurture within yourself, you make this a more circuitous route. At times you come to accept that which is of your soul and the perceptions of your soul’s truth that lies within. At times you reject or question and add to and distort. It is because you are human and this is the nature of humanity, at least the nature of what humanity has created within itself through the process of free will. It is time, however, for you to turn this around, to put it on its head, so to speak and come to the realization of the true power of the soul, the true glory and wonderment of the soul and all its abilities, its gifts, its capacity to create truth or to absorb truth and understand truth. To create within you    an alignment where truth predominates and truth is expressed in all aspects of your being. **Is this not the most efficient way to travel upon your spiritual journey, my friends?**

To start with the truth, no matter how humble, no matter how simple it is, is to begin there and step forward in truth rather than fill your minds with a great variety of wordful descriptions and  ideas that reflect to some degree truth but often is not effective in its way of describing and instilling a perception of truth within you. God has given you other faculties in order to do this. Though certainly He has given you a gift of a mind and a brain and all that it entails to help you navigate the material world.

I do not mean to say that these things are irrelevant for this would be a complete contradiction of the truth. I say to you, however, that if we are to encourage, develop and nurture true spiritual alignment, it does not begin with the mind. It begins with the soul and the emerging soul coming to your everyday consciousness is what is important at this time.

To be awakened in this way is to enlist a powerful ally within you, one which will not steer you wrong but one which will clarify and bring truth to all that you perceive and experience in your life. Are you willing to accept this as truth, to understand that the way you have been taught and the way for most of your life to go about your journey, whether that be spiritual or material has been erroneous and needs to be put aside for the time being, especially that part of you that seeks spiritual truth. Yet, even in the material sense, if you carry with you and are aware and are in alignment with the wisdom of your soul, then the decisions that you make and what you exhibit in your daily life will change with this renewed and powerful awareness within you.

I offer you the keys to truth. Many have offered you these keys and we have spoken of these things over and over again, hoping that indeed you will truly understand. And yes, I contradict even myself, by speaking in words, words that are susceptible to the misinterpretation of the mind. Indeed, we must communicate in the way that you understand and you accept. Every advanced soul has the possibility of influencing and impressing upon the mind many things but this is an arduous process and it is easier for us to communicate in his way and our goal is, as you are well aware,  to communicate directly with humanity, sidestepping the use of an instrument such as this who, though he is capable and effective in his abilities, still there are many who would not believe that I speak through him. It is a leap of faith and yet if we were to manifest and speak directly, who would deny this? They may be in a state of disbelief or awe or confusion, but there will be an effect, an effect that will help them upon the road of truly changing themselves and finding that inner alignment for themselves.

For the time being, you continue to forge your alignment with God and seek His love and seek to be an expression of His love and this is the crucial and important first step upon the journey of inner alignment. This continues somewhat slowly but surely towards the desired goal and indeed alignment within is a continuous process that will take all eternity. So it is not ever complete, yet indeed, it will grow and strengthen and become truly a part of yourselves as you grow in love and strengthen in your alignment with God.

I hope you see clearly the message that I have given, to understand this, to truly take it to heart and that your mind may accept this as truth and that you may act upon it with diligence and consistency and dedication. For you must change so that you may be an example and channel for the world to see. This change comes upon you in fits and starts but is truly emerging and influencing and affecting your decisions. You will come to deeper change and greater alignment as you continue to grow in this and accept this journey for what it is.

May God bless you on this path, my beloved friends. Know that we encourage. We are like those individuals who cheer on the team and you are our team and we are cheering you on, always. You may hear our words of encouragement, our words joy and acknowledgement of your efforts. For you are placed on a very difficult playing field and you have a difficult thing to do but you persist. You are strong and you have the capacities, all that is required to reach your goal.

May you continue. May you continue to be in the light of God, to truly be in alignment within and without so that we may all accomplish our goals upon this Earthly plane and do our part in loving commitment with confidence, with faith, with strength, wisdom and true love for one’s self, for all and for God. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I am glad to be with you today. God bless you. My love is truly with you, my friends, truly with you. God bless you.
