---
title: "Can You Stand for Truth?"
menu_title: ""
description: "Can You Stand for Truth?"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Can You Stand for Truth?

December 11<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

May God bless you deeply, beloved souls. I come, I am Jesus. I come to pray with you and to be with you. May the floodgates of the Father's Love open and pour upon each of you in abundance, washing through your souls and within making you whole in His Love. May you find the deep peace, that peace that passes all understanding, together as we pray together. May the light of God's grace be upon us. May we find unity and power in fellowship that together we may make a great light in the world as we draw the blessings of God to us and through us.

Beloved souls, each of you live a life that is unique in different parts of your world and yet God draws you all together and seeks to unify you in your focus upon the soul that it may be awakened by His Love, that you may know your soul as it truly is and can be in the grace and glory of His Love. So you draw the angels close. You bring us to the earthly plane because we are drawn as well by your desire and prayer, by the light within your soul. So we are drawn close and for each of you an angel stands by your side for each of you, you have a companion in prayer. Together the celestials and the mortals join in this singleness of purpose, join in truth, the glory of God's Love and peace and joy.

So we become God's agents of light in the world. We need each of you in your efforts to be a channel of Love in the world so that we may come close and that God may utilize you as His channels of Love in the world. Can you stand for truth, beloved souls, be God's channel of Love and light, be in the grace of God in these moments of prayer, and dedication to truth? Can we stand together in unity, beloveds, so that in this world indeed there is a well of souls that are filled with light and love and truth so that they may be the harbinger of things to come, the great changes in the world that are coming. These changes are to signify and to herald the coming Age of Light. Can you be those individuals, those souls that are willing to step forward in this way, to be God's channels of Love and truth in the way that God has proclaimed, in the way that God makes available to every soul His gift of Love to transform and heal and to make a soul a channel of light, a beacon of light in the world?

Beloveds, I come to acknowledge your prayers, I come because of your prayers, I come because I love you and I wish to be with you all in the light of Love, in the truth of Love, in the glory of God's great Soul beaming His Love upon your through the Holy Spirit. Open yourselves wide, my beloveds, and seek and yearn and know the great touch of God upon you. We are in this sacred time and place together, a place that will fortify your desires and facilitate God's blessing upon you.

May God bless you, beloveds. May God bless you deeply and fulfill you in Love, fulfill you in truth, fulfill you in joy. I am your brother and friend, I am Jesus and I love you. I love you and I am with you. God bless you, beloveds, God bless you.
