---
title: "Focus on Alignment "
menu_title: ""
description: "Focus on Alignment "
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Focus on Alignment 

November 15<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

I am Orion. There is a sense that the world will indeed come out of its dark phase of human existence and find its way into the light. Yet, there is much that needs to be done between now and then. There is much effort that must be applied on your earthly plane in order to accomplish these momentous tasks. So, we gather with you in our efforts to help you to awaken, to strengthen, and to be in greater alignment with all that which is in harmony with the universe, God’s creation. This alignment is important, for without it, you cannot fulfill the duties and tasks that are set out before you.

Indeed, the effort that you must make at this time is a concerted one. What you must accomplish now, is a concerted effort toward greater alignment with all that which is in harmony with God’s universe, God’s creation, and the Laws of Love. It is paramount that you are in alignment, that you continue to be in alignment with God, and you strive for further alignment. For without this alignment, what has been set before you and what you know within your souls is the task that you must complete cannot be accomplished without your concerted and focused efforts to grow within your souls, to be in alignment with all these things of which I speak.

My beloved and beautiful friends, we are making great efforts. Your angel friends and bright spirits are making great efforts. There are those upon your planet who are making great efforts to bring light and harmony to your world. It requires great effort, for how else can you accomplish that which is needed without this assertion of self, those choices required, the prayers given, the contemplation and acknowledgment of those things that are not quite in harmony with God’s Laws. It requires a great deal of your focus and attention for how can you traverse from A to B, from that which is somewhat in the light to that which is very much in the light? It requires an acknowledgment that effort is needed, an acknowledgment that each of you posses barriers and conditions within you that are not truly in harmony with God’s Laws of Love.

I know we ask much of you for you live in a plane that asks very little of you in this regard, the plane that continues to distract and to encourage that which is not in synchronization with God’s Laws. Thus, you have a great many challenges and difficulties as you, within your heart and soul, that deeper part of you, desires to make that great leap forward. Yet, the day-to-day conditions that you encounter encourage you otherwise, though God has given you all the resources, support, and upliftment that you require. As you can well understand, God realizes those conditions that seem insurmountable to you, for they can be surmounted by what God gives to you, what is offered to you every moment, every breath of your life.

Do you take advantage of this with every moment and breath? I know within your mind you are subscribing to the truth as you know it and seeking to grow in the Love of God within you. You must be acknowledged and applauded for these efforts. Yet, it is the application that is often the most difficult. It is moving beyond the emotional, mental, and  energetic signatures of the earthly condition to that which is apart from it, that which cannot be truly integrated into that wonderous self that is you into light.

Know that we are with you, my friends, that we are truly with you in this struggle. We have deep compassion for you. But also, we must make clear the challenges that you face and help you to understand this, for how else but with your own will and desire can you move forward and step forward for as you well know we cannot do it for you? But we can clear the path. We can inspire. We can guide. We can love so that in time, you begin to trust more fully the path that is laid before you so that rather than walking blindly along this path, you have insight and vision and it becomes more clear and solid in your consciousness.

We are with you. God is with you. Your celestial friends are with you. We continue in our commitment toward this and toward your eventual establishment of all that which is in harmony with God’s Laws of Love. You step forward tentatively. Yet, you continue to make those strides into greater light. We continue to walk with you and uphold you in this. We shall always be with you, my friends, and with the world, for the world is also trending toward greater light, not in the activities and expressions of humanity as a whole upon your world but in response to all that God has blessed you and the world with. This will intensify and grow stronger as you continue to find your way and the world continues to find its way.

Yes, there are contrary forces which would have the world continue to foment in darkness. But I tell you, the light is stronger. God’s Will is stronger. The forces that are being marshalled to bring greater light to the world is stronger than all the forces of darkness in the world and in the world of spirit. You will find your way and so will the world. Know that we are there. You are not alone ever. With your efforts, know that we are with you, never faltering, always consistent and powerful in our presence and our efforts to uphold you.

I am your friend Orion. Know that I love you. Know that many love you and that you are truly blessed in this love and all that comes with it in God's great blessing upon your soul. God bless you. God bless you all.
