---
title: "Blessing of Peace"
menu_title: ""
description: "Blessing of Peace"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Blessing of Peace

October 28<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

I come to bring peace; I am Mary. I come because I love you, that you are my brothers and sisters upon the earthly plane who truly understand the journey towards God’s Love, at-onement with our Heavenly Father, that truth that my son spoke of so many years ago, and you continue to abide by his words and his truth. So we are together, beloveds, in the truth of this Love. We are truly God’s children in this truth and we continue to walk the path towards at-onement with God.

Have patience for yourself, beloveds. Have patience for your brothers and sisters. Have patience that not all things can be accomplished in a day, and that indeed, it takes time to grow, it takes time to accomplish many things. But when you are dedicated, when you have the purposeful desire to walk in a certain direction and to be a beautiful instrument for God, to grow in His Love, all of these beautiful and wonderful gifts and blessings, then they flow readily. They flow because you desire them. They flow because God desires for you to be blessed by them.

And there comes faith for those who are willing, those who desire, those who ask, those who pray. These gifts and blessings come. You are enwrapped in love because the greatest gift that God has to give is given to you freely because you have asked, because you desire, because you are truly God’s child, uplifted and part of His Reality, His beautiful Being, His Creation, and His Truth.

My beloved and beautiful friends, be at peace and know that you are truly being uplifted, that you are truly part of something wondrous and filled with the great journey of discovery, of awakening, of knowing, of joy. These things come from God to you. May you be open, and awake, and receptive to what God has to give to each of you, and cultivate your desire for more, more of God’s blessing, more of His Touch upon you, more of His Love within your soul. In this way, those deep desires of the soul will be realised and, in time, all will open in the glory and wonderment of God.

My beloved friends, know that you are loved and that we are close, that we come to you in loving desire and effort, prayerful communion with God. We come to be with you and all of these things and more. As we continue on this great journey, so more doors will open, more insights will come, more understanding, more compassion, more love, more grace, more light. All of these things will come to those who have great faith and who walk the Path Divine towards at-onement with our Heavenly Father.

I love you. I love you. You are truly loved by many angels and by God, Who smiles upon you in His Love, Who is your Heavenly Father, your Guardian, the Source of all love. These things come from God and so, they shall be yours forever. God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary, Mother of Jesus, and I love you. God bless you.
