---
title: "Soul Awakening and Transformation is Coming"
menu_title: ""
description: "Soul Awakening and Transformation is Coming"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Soul Awakening and Transformation is Coming

April 9<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Soul Awakening Tour, Barbados

Bartholomew received by Al Fike

Greetings, my friends; I am Bartholomew. How pleasant is your life upon these languid shores, warm waters and air. You have communities, relationships, and your needs are met. So, with those brothers and sisters of your dear island, why would they seek for other things? For, often they are asleep, lulled to sleep by the pleasantness of what God has provided in their lives. Yet there are those of you who have come today to assert the need for deeper and greater and higher spiritual truth and blessing. Thus, you have drawn together in light and you seek to awaken in light and truth, so we are here to assist you in this endeavour. We are here to encourage you to continue to grow within your soul, that rather than sleep and rest within the warmth of this tropical isle, to awaken to something that is deep and needed in your community, in your island of beauty.

So, it must be for the entire world. Many are asleep. Many are not seeking beyond the gratification of their senses and their flesh. Yet, they do themselves a great disservice, for the contentment of today will not ensure a pleasant tomorrow. For, the world is changing my friends, and there is great need for humanity to awaken to this change, to awaken to what God has designated as the transformation of this world. Yes, for those who will not listen, who continue to remain asleep, they will be awakened rather harshly to the new reality that is coming. They will find themselves confused and annoyed that they have been awakened, that they no longer can sleep and assume that all is well.

For, all is not well, my beloved and beautiful friends, all is not well. Despite the illusion, despite the comforts that you enjoy. All is not well in God’s Creation, and there will be a great shift, a great response from your Mother Earth that will challenge you all. Those who choose to awaken within themselves and to be in alignment with God, the Creator of all, and to come to know God’s plan and intention for humanity, they will have the tools, the ability, the insight and the spiritual strength to withstand the onslaught of the changing world.

We encourage every soul to awaken to God, to receive the great gift of the Divine Love, the Essence of God’s Soul, conveyed into your soul. In this way, awakening must come. In this way, perceptions will grow and wisdom will come to you from God through your soul. For God is in great need of those who are willing to be His servants, to be the bringers of light, who will be lights in the world, which will be utilised to help guide and comfort your brothers and sisters as they awaken to the changing conditions of the world.

Are there any here who are willing to take up this task, to seek to awaken  themselves, to seek the awakening that comes with God’s deep Touch upon your souls? For if you are willing to do so, then I can assure you that God will respond in many ways and awaken you on many levels, so that you will find your way through the tumult of the future, which will in time bring peace to the world.

It is a changing world, my beloved friends. It is a world in need of those who are strong enough, insightful enough, loving enough, to be God’s instruments and channels of love, to help awaken humanity and prepare them for this unravelling of what humanity has created and the healing of this world, and the bringing to this world of harmony. Harmony comes with the acknowledgment and the free flow of God’s Creation, His laws in place and functioning in harmony with one another and with God’s Will. This, humanity must come to realise. Humanity must come with humility and the acknowledgement that they are not all powerful, that they are not in charge of the world. Yet, so many believe that they are, and do have great power to reshape the world. But indeed, within their minds, there are often ideas and understandings which give them power over the material. But they do not realise that the material is merely the tip of the iceberg, and that underneath that are many aspects of creation which are not understood and not acknowledged. So, when a part of God’s Creation is manipulated and pushed about as humanity wishes to do with their will, they are disturbing all of God’s Creation and bringing disharmony to all of God’s Creation. So this cannot be, and God will not allow this to be.

A great change is coming, my beloved friends, a great change. Are you prepared within your soul, within your being and your consciousness, to accept God’s plan for the salvation of humanity? And that within that plan comes the dissolution of many of man’s creations and the reconstitution of their existence upon the Earth in ways and means that are in greater harmony with God’s laws? In order to be prepared, you must delve deep within your souls, that they, your souls, may be awakened and come to know its true self within you, a consciousness budding and growing and expanding, that is given with the gift of His Love for you.

This is why these two blessed souls come with the urgency that it is time to awaken. It is time to come to understand that you live in a changing world, a world that will be changed forever, and that humanity cannot go back to their old ways and means. Humanity must step forward with faith, with trust, and with bravery, to not allow their need and desire for the comfort of old and worn patterns and lives, to distract them from what God is guiding each soul towards, something new and vibrant and beautiful.

May you accept God’s invitation to step into a new consciousness, a new understanding, and a renewed relationship with Him. This can be done with difficulty and hardship, or it can be done with peace and harmony. It is your choice, beloved souls. It is your choice. Will you seek the harmony of your soul opening to God and what God has to give to your soul? Or will you seek to determine your destiny by utilising the faculties of your mind and the power of your being, to manipulate and form a way through these changes? If you seek the way of the soul, you will find the flow and the outcomes in harmony with God’s Will, therefore, an easier path. But if you seek to determine your own destiny, as humanity has done for aeons, then you will find the resistance that will come with the changing conditions of your world, and you will find great hardship, my friends, great hardship in this path.

You must teach the path of love, the path to God, the path to one’s own soul. You must share this with your brothers and sisters. You must help them to prepare. Even though many will not listen and many are still asleep and do not want to be roused from their slumbers, yet you must try, you must make effort, and you must band together in strength and light so that God may bring greater light and greater blessings through each of you.

Walk with faith, my friends. Walk with love. Walk with humility and grace. In this way, God will open many doors, will allow many blessings through those doors that will benefit you greatly and benefit your brothers and sisters. It is a wondrous plan that God has put into motion. It is for you to come to know it, to feel it in your hearts, to subscribe to the flow and intention of His plan and Will for the world. May you do so. May you do so with joy and acceptance and peace. For as you step forward, so God will bring to you the resources, the angels, the blessings that will assist you upon this path, and bring you to that place of light and harmony, a place where that which will be harsh and difficult cannot touch you and affect you. Instead, you will be removed from these conditions. You will see beyond them. You will accept, but live in such a way that these conditions will not affect you directly. Those changes that are inevitable and will bring a shift in your life, will be accepted and embraced with joy. So much is waiting for each of you, my friends. So much can come upon the heels of great change.

May you know the peace that passes all understanding. May you come to see yourself as a child of God and embrace that truth that God loves you, that God truly loves you. The best for you will be given and will manifest as you carry yourselves down the road of the transformation of the soul.

Blessings, blessings to you, my friends. I am Bartholomew. I come to speak and assure you that I am close to you and close to those of you upon this island of light and beauty. I am here and I come to serve you. God bless you. God bless you all, beloved friends.
