---
title: "You are Being Used to Spread the Great Lattice of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "You are Being Used to Spread the Great Lattice of Light"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You are Being Used to Spread the Great Lattice of Light

December 20<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. Indeed, the great web of life that you are helping to initiate in the world is spreading and growing. This Lattice of Light continues to reach many souls, many of whom you are not aware of. There are many who are watching you, assessing you, and wondering whether they will take that next step of connecting with you. It is a very conscious world indeed, one where many are afraid, suspicious, and do not truly understand their own motivations. Yet, within the souls of humanity, there is a great current and desire for love, to be awakened in love, to know love, to be loved, and to give love.

This is your mission, my beloved friends, to be a channel of love for those around you, those you may encounter in a day, to be God’s instrument of love, to help bless and uplift, and to bring truth. All of these things are in short supply on your Earth, not because God intended this but because humanity restricts it so very thoroughly with their attitudes and fears, and lack of compassion. They are so not because they are in a condition of judgment and restriction. Rather, it is because they do not know love. It is because they are unable to love, not in the ways that will bring harmony and peace in your world. Their love is portioned out in a very restricted way, for again the fears that humanity hold in their hearts and their minds ensure that they cannot and will not give readily to another.

It is for you to step forward in love, to be generous in love, and to not be fearful but to see that God places before you many opportunities to be a servant of His choosing and Will, to give love where you can, to be a light in all places whether they be dark or gray or of light. You bring a change wherever you go, my beloved friends, for it is the power of your soul emanating love, emanating light that has its effects on other souls. When you forge a bond of love with another, are you not increasing the Lattice of Light? Are you not doing God’s work to help awaken humanity?

Yes, there is so much work to do. As you come to the end of another year, do you not see that you have accomplished much in this world? You have given much. Yet, there is so much that is needed. Do not burden yourself with the worry and care that you cannot fulfill this need in such a way that the world may change for this burden is God’s burden, is it not? To walk in the world as His channel must be a thing of freedom and joy and love rather than that of obligation and heaviness of the heart. Be free in love, my beloved friends. Be clear and heartfelt in the expression of love. Be a channel of love in the world. All these elements work together to bring greater light, to expand the great Lattice of Light, to work with those of us of light, to help heal the world, and to help set the stage for that great transition and change that is coming in the world.

You are needed, my friends. I honour you for the efforts that you have made thus far. I encourage you for those efforts that must come, those efforts that will be deeper and broader and more powerful in the world because the Love within your soul has expanded in prayer and desire and service. May you continue to be a light, beloved friends and continue to truly walk this path that points to God, points to His Love, points to all that is of light.

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I love you truly. I love you. God bless you.
