---
title: "Spiritual Development is the Most Effective Response to the Transformation of the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Spiritual Development is the Most Effective Response to the Transformation of the World"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Spiritual Development is the Most Effective Response to the Transformation of the World

October 22<sup>nd</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Beloved souls, I am Orion. The world continues to be in a state of transition. Yet, with all the affairs of men, many do not recognize or have time to acknowledge that there are deep and profound changes happening within your earthly plane. Those who feel the differences, who perceive that indeed the atmosphere of the Earth is changing, the conditions both spiritually and materially are changing, and somewhat rapidly, have come to realize that in many respects the power of humanity to intervene in these matters is somewhat impotent. Though certainly, there are many good ideas as to what the individual might do to ameliorate the conditions on the earthly plane, these things that are proposed are not powerful enough, even if collectively adopted, to change the course of this transformative period of time in your world.

 I must say that your greatest hope and your greatest possibility of adding greater light to this situation is through developing spiritually, developing your soul, and developing the light around you, for it will take great, great wisdom to solve the dilemmas of your day. That wisdom, which humanity conventionally sees as that of a mental deduction, is not adequate. It is the wisdom that comes deep within the soul that will bring the insights, perceptions, and truth that are required in order to bring long-lasting and permanent solutions to these dilemmas. Though I do not wish to negate the efforts of man through his intellectual reasoning to deal with many of these details and problems that exist in the world, I say that they cannot truly see the bigger picture of what is happening today. They do not perceive that there is spiritual meaning and purpose to these changes. They do not understand that indeed the changing conditions of your world have many layers to it, that the Source of All Creation, our Beloved God, is orchestrating something far more powerful, deeper and broader than those with material perceptions can understand.

Thus, we are developing you, our beloved brothers and sisters, in the ways of perception and wisdom and soul growth which comes through prayer so that you may be equipped and that you may equip others in understanding what is required to make those changes, to implement solutions that are necessary upon your planet. As we have told you many times, it will not just be your efforts but it will be many efforts on many different planes and realities and dimensions that will be implementing the solutions and the healing of your world.

It would be most fortuitous if each of you were able to perceive at least to some degree all of these efforts and what is required in their implementation. My beloved friends, you barely open your eyes. You barely see with your soul’s perceptions. You certainly feel much and you sense much, but you are like a newborn child who is coming to know their environment. You are coming to know this new way, this new reality that is dawning upon your consciousness.
My beloved friends, yes, you have a long way to go yet but you are making progress and you are consistent and diligent in your prayers. This is most important for it is through the doorway of prayer that many blessings can come, most especially the Great Essence of God, His Love that may pour into your soul and awaken those faculties which we most desire to have awakened within you. For how can you lead, how can you see, how can you know without these faculties growing within you and coming to the fore in your consciousness in such a way that you may teach, lead, know and implement truth? Yet, you continue to have great faith in this process, in its workings, Truths, and Laws of God. You have come to the highest truth of all. You are continuing to dedicate yourself to this and to implement these things in your daily life to the degree that you are aware and strong enough to do so.

My beloved friends much more is coming. Each of you need to prepare yourselves physically, mentally, and spiritually in order to be receptive and agile enough, flexible enough to implement these things within your life. It requires a very different way of viewing the world, a very different set of perspectives, priorities, morals and ideas. All things of human endeavour within one’s life are in need of change and upgrading, so to speak, something of higher perception and level of understanding. Your priorities must adjust to what are new perceptions and understanding of life. It is not that everything will change drastically but there are adjustments required. There are things which need to be attended to. There are changes that must come to each of you where you have been willfully blind to those conditions and aspects of your life that are not in harmony with God’s Laws of Love. This must come to awareness. Your vision must be cleared.

Indeed, God gives you many opportunities, opens many doors, and provides many in support of your soul growth so that you may be equipped to embrace these changes and implement them in a way that is harmonious. Great wisdom is needed indeed for you must negotiate the earthly plane and negotiate your lives and all that comes within it. Yet, when you deeply compromise what you know is required in order to be in greater harmony within yourself and within your world, it indicates that the strength of your faith and understanding is not as great as what is required. This is why I give to you these urgent requests and messages so to pay attention and to uphold the truth that you may truly be that instrument that you so desire to be.

Each of you has a great desire to be God’s channels and instruments of God. Each of you has within you great, great potentials, great possibilities, and great probabilities provided you are willing to uphold the truth as you know it, to not hide away in certain respects but to be utterly truthful and honest with yourselves, having a good, clear, and deep look at your own person. Truth is like that, is it not, my friends? To uphold the truth, one must live the truth. In order to live the truth, one must be truthful and clear in their perceptions. Though indeed, the truth may change and evolve within your consciousness, that truth that you know now, that awareness that is budding within you and blossoming must come to the fore. Even if it brings you uncomfortable realizations, you must come to see it for what it is, for it is a gift, a gift that God has given you so you might grow and evolve and change in pace with the light that is growing and evolving and transforming your soul.

Thus, the consciousness of the soul must come to the fore. You must be an individual that is well aware and is implementing the consciousness that comes with a soul awakened for how else can you be that instrument for God? For God is Soul and God has given you a soul. He has given you a soul for the very reason that He needs and desires your collaboration, your longing for at-onement with Him so that all may flow in harmony, love and light within the parameters of His plan for you and for the salvation of all.

My beloved friends, yes, there is much that is needed. Indeed, a collaboration of your consciousness, your life, your capacities and gifts to be expressed in the world is a constant thing for change is a constant in the universe. Indeed, change must come to your planet, it must come to your inner world. This is a law. I am merely repeating and reminding you of this law. Accept change, beloved souls. Accept who you truly are. Accept the expression of your soul that is growing in wisdom and light, perception and love. These things will be your salvation and will be the road toward fulfilling your destiny and purpose in your world. Seek for the highest. Seek for all that is good, is of God, is in harmony with His Laws of Love, His Laws of Creation.

I know in your world this can seem an impossible task. Yet, as you continue to grow and the forces continue to be marshalled around you, you will find your way through the quagmire of the human condition to that place of green meadows, light, peace and purposefulness in the world. My beloved and beautiful friends, be with God. Make this your priority always and do not be distracted by the material conditions of your world to such an extent that it overshadows this one primary thing that is so very important at this time. Be true to yourselves. Be true to God. Be true to all that which is in harmony with God. Seek the Love, His Very Essence and all things shall follow in its stead. You know this truth well. I implore you to live this truth with every breath.

Know that we love you. We are here to support you. We are here to uplift. We are here to protect you and will continue to do so all the days of your life. Beloved, beloved friends, you are precious to all of us, so very precious, so very loved. We shall continue in our mutual pursuit of greater light, greater harmony, and greater truth. So we do continue upon this road. So we are brothers and sisters on this road.

My love is with you. I am Orion and I love you. God bless you.
