---
title: "Thanks Us All for Our Prayerful Service"
menu_title: ""
description: "Thanks Us All for Our Prayerful Service"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Thanks Us All for Our Prayerful Service

December 30<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

May peace beyond understanding be yours, beloveds. I am Mary. I come to pray with you. Beloved children of Earth, those who continue to face the challenges of this earthly plane, those despite these challenges seek for the betterment of their souls, the awakening, fulfillment of that eternal part of your being so that you may be lights in the world, beloveds.

We pray together for this world. We pray for unity and peace and love abounding and encircling this world, that God’s Love may be felt by every soul, that God’s Touch may bring comfort to every child, that all that is in this world may come to be in harmony with God’s laws of love, so that we may all live in peace together in this troubled world, that all the troubles and cares, all the disharmonies and darkness may be washed away in love, that each of you may find the expansion and joy of knowing your Creator who loves you so, that we may all feel His powerful Touch upon us, that you may all awaken to that which is of the soul, that you may feel the gentle breezes of God’s Breath upon you and be truly awakened in love.

We are all God’s children, and we are all united in love. So, we continue in our progress towards at-onement with God. We find our way in light, in truth, in peace and joy as love continues to grow within us. So these things flourish, and may they be manifest in all that you are and all that you do, beloveds. We are in the oneness of love, in the truth of love, and the joy of love. May love be the foundation, the light, all that which envelops you in your live.

May God bless, you beloveds. I am Mary. I love you so, my beloved children of God. May we continue to walk and strive in the light and truly be God’s instruments of love in your world. May we work together, pray together, grow together. I thank you for your service through this year, and know there is much more to come, many opportunities will be made present in your lives. Much to do, my beloved friends. Much to do in the service of God and in the expression of love.

God bless you, my beloveds. I am with you as are so many angels of the Celestial Realms. We all work together for the betterment of humanity, both in the flesh and in spirit, we work together to uphold and uplift, to bring to truth and to bring to God the souls of humanity. God bless you. I love you. I am Mary and I love you.
