---
title: "Duality of Soul and Body Consciousness"
menu_title: ""
description: "Duality of Soul and Body Consciousness"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Duality of Soul and Body Consciousness

October 30<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, BC, Canada

Josephus received by Al Fike

May God's Love pour into your souls, beloved friends, I am Josephus. I come to speak of the duality that you live within yourselves, the duality of consciousness that exists within every human being. Indeed, most of you are well aware of this dichotomy, the consciousness of the mind and the consciousness of the soul.

You are aware of how these two consciousness conditions interplay with one another and at times blend and at times are clearly evident and focused upon your consciousness, one or the other. Indeed, these two aspects of yourself are always active. Your true desire is to come to know the consciousness of the soul for we have spoken many times of this consciousness in hopes of inspiring you to focus upon it. Because of the predominance of the mind upon your earthly plane, it becomes a great challenge to shift your focus from one to the other. Yet as you pray and continue to receive the great blessing of the Divine Love, so you are building within you the capacities and abilities to know this consciousness well, and in time to have it predominant and highly functional, part of your existence and reality.

Although it is difficult for you to acknowledge this at this time and there are times that you may be in that flow of soul consciousness and see the world from that perspective, most often you fall back into material consciousness that draws you in so powerfully. Yet as the Divine Essence grows within your soul, igniting the faculties of your soul, then you have more ready access to this conscious perception and experience of soul. Often you feel that you are not progressing at all, that you do not see the signs and examples of this progression within your life. That too is the result of the predominance of the mind. Yet, think of a leaky faucet that drips into a cup, you cannot watch the cup fill up because it takes time and you have better things to do no doubt. But indeed if you walk and come back at a future time, you will see that the cup is overflowing, that the drips have indeed filled that cup. And so it is with your soul, my friends, your soul receives the gift of God's Love as you pray for this gift to come into you. Drop by drop it accumulates within your soul and not only in volume but it also has its effects upon your soul, transforming, cleansing and developing.

I promise you, my friends, in time you will have soul consciousness while you walk the earth. It is God's intention that you do so. God is giving to you all blessings, flows of Love, that is as our dear friend indicates, infinite. It is you who restricts the flow. It is the ability that you have to focus upon your soul and to intensify your prayers to such a degree that that channel between you and God is open wide and the great onrush of Love comes powerfully like the story of the Pentecost that you all know. This can be your experience in life. But indeed the intensity of the prayers of the apostles at that time after losing their beloved brother Jesus were intense indeed and desperate. Often the awareness of God's response to you and touch upon you comes with that wisp of desperation, that intensity of desire and need to have God bless you and uplift you. Although often in your daily life you live a kind of mediocre existence where these extremes do not exist. You find safety in this mediocracy. You find a place where you may function with peace and a sense of contentment. This is all too human, is it not? But if it is soul consciousness that you desire, if it is the awakening of your soul that is important to you, then you must pray with intensity, even desperation if that is what is hidden within you, not the desperation that comes from anxiety and fear but the desperation that comes from a soul yearning, yearning for awakening, for conscious recognition so that the duality of your soul consciousness and your mindful consciousness combined with your spirit may all merge as one and become a whole functioning being of light, of harmony, with many gifts and capacities to live in the material world and to function as a channel of light, a being of wisdom and great joy.

These things will come as you grow in God's Love. Even though your mind resists wholeheartedly this transformation that must take place, this merging of consciousness that must come, the power of God's Love within your soul, the capacity of God's Love to transform your soul and transform your being is very much alive within you. The potentials exist not as merely a thought or projection of what can be, but is in truth there already within you for each of you have received the great gift of God's Love so its potential is becoming a true and solid thing within yourself. Though with anything upon the earthly plane and certainly within God's Universe, the beginnings are humble and small in proportions yet have the potential to become large and extremely potent within your being.

Have faith in the journey that you are taking, sense the longings of your soul, be consistent with your prayers but not in terms of words, those out of habit, but in terms of feeling and thoughts given to God in all acknowledgement and honoring of your Creator. If you can do this, if you can truly pray with great depth and power and desire, then indeed the great onrush of God's Love will infill you with such power and intensity and wonderment that you will be changed in your consciousness instantaneously. This is possible but it requires your dedication, your focus, your desire.

My friends, I know you do not live in an environment that is conducive for this. Each of you have your worries, concerns, material distractions and obligations. Yet I urge you when you spend time with God, put aside all of these other things and truly be with God and truly be within your own soul. In this way you will find the road towards God which will be cleared and lit and compelling. May you find your way, beautiful souls, may you find your way. Yes, indeed, as you pray for this lattice of light that God is building around your world, you are doing God a great service and your world a great service. Continue on in all of these efforts, continue on growing in Love, continue on acknowledging the beauty and wonderment of your own soul with all its gifts and all its capacities. Has not God given you so many wonderful things, so many blessings? Within you you barely know of the treasures that God has placed within you but they come alive as you pray. You will find them as you seek and you will express them as you grow in Love.

God bless you, beloved souls, I am Josephus. I am happy to speak to you today on important matters, matters that will change your life and will change the life of this world. God bless you, beloved souls, my love is with you, my prayers are with you, my intention to support you is with you. God bless you.
