---
title: "God’s Love Pierces Your Soul"
menu_title: ""
description: "God’s Love Pierces Your Soul"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God’s Love Pierces Your Soul

October 21<sup>st</sup>, 2022

Online Circle of Light, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

…rain down upon you, beloveds. May His Love enter into your soul, piercing your soul and transforming it with its wondrous blessing. God’s Essence is waiting for you to receive it, to know it, and to live within it. I am your brother and friend Jesus. I come to be with you in prayer. I come to encourage you in your efforts to bring the truth of this love forward into the world.

As you know, I lived my life upon the Earth as a Jew, and yet I brought something that was often contrary to the religion of the time. Yet, because of my efforts and my dedication, the gates of God’s Love were opened, the floodgates filled the world with the Essence of God and gave to every soul upon your world and mine the possibility of receiving this great gift of love. So, you too may be that harbinger of love in the world. You too may help to open the gates further for this love to flow. For, you carry this truth within your soul, do you not?

You carry the light that is this truth wherever you go. So, if you are willing to be an example of this love, if you are willing to speak in terms of love to your brothers and sisters, if you are willing when given a chance to speak of the truth of God’s Blessing upon every soul, provided they desire this blessing to come into them, then you do the bidding of God. You bring the truth of His Love into the world more fully. By your very act of prayer and receiving this gift, you acknowledge the power and glory and wonderment of this gift that God offers to every child.

May you walk in the truth, beloved souls. With each day may the consciousness of this truth grow within you and may you live it with every breath. For, this is the way God will change your world for the better. Not by some mere waving of hands that say “this world shall change now,” it is done by the humble efforts of His children who seek to serve God. It is done because you have acknowledged this truth and by all means that you are able, live this truth. So, you draw to you the angels of the Celestial Heavens, you draw to you the bright spirits, you draw to you God’s Touch and His Holy Spirit, touching you within your soul and bringing to you a greater longing for His Love, and a greater understanding of His Love.

It is simple, beloved souls, and you all know well how very simple it is. But indeed, to live this love in all its simplicity and power is your great challenge, beloveds. Can you cast aside those conditions that would inhibit you from living this love in all its beauty and grace and light? Can you allow yourselves to truly be immersed in this great blessing and live it with every breath? It is for you to decide, beloveds. It is for you to acknowledge that indeed the great potential of your soul is being realised by the transformative powers of God’s gift of His Love. Can you see in your daily life how this is changing you, changing your attitudes, changing your perspective, changing your thoughts and your desires? For these things are influenced by the power and glory of the light of your soul.

May you come to acknowledge this, beloveds. May you come to see it for what it is. For it is not a casual venture, this path of love. It is a powerful change agent in your life and it will eventually change everything that you are, depending upon the depth of your commitment, beloved souls, depending upon the depth of your desire, depending upon the effort that you make. All these things determine the journey that you take and quickens the transformation process as you accept and bring into yourself this great gift offered to you by God.

I urge you forward, beloved souls. I urge you forward and beyond those limitations that you set for yourselves and that the world sets for one another. For it is the truth of God that you must acknowledge and live by, not the truth of man. For the truth of man sways and has no power upon the truth of God. Accept your destinies as God’s true children, his beloveds, who have come to accept and realise the great truth and power of His Being and His Blessings upon you.

Beloveds, I walk with you. I am truly your brother and your friend, and I shall walk with you for all eternity. We shall be together in the great Light of God. His Truth, His Love. His Light shall be ours forever more. Beloved souls, know that I love you. Know that God loves you and that there are many who love you. Bring this love into your bosom. Grasp it tight and do not allow any darkness or negativity to impinge upon it, but cherish the light that God has placed within you. Cherish the truth that has been given to you, and acknowledge that you are growing in love, that you are truly claimed by God. God bless you, beloveds. I am with you. Be assured that I am with you. God bless you. I am Jesus and I love you.
