---
title: "Cultivate the Reality of the Soul"
menu_title: ""
description: "Cultivate the Reality of the Soul"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Cultivate the Reality of the Soul

November 26<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

You will see the world differently, my friends. I am Orion. May the Great Essence of our Creator, the Creator of All the Universe, infill your soul so that indeed you may come to see the universe as it truly is, that you may come to see God’s creation as it truly is,  and see yourselves as you truly are, for truth is in perception and understanding that perception in a clear way, using those faculties within you which allow you to comprehend beyond the limited faculties of the mind into those diverse and limitless faculties of the soul waiting to be enlivened and awakened through God’s Touch upon each of you.

It is in this awakening, it is in the coming to fruition of the faculties of the soul that reality will be set upon your consciousness and you will find your way through the complex and diverging elements of the human condition and consciousness. There is no other way, my friends. There is no other way to truly come to grips with that which is real and that which is merely an illusion created by your brain, your mind, and your understanding of the world through your five senses. These things, of course, have their validity and are needed upon the material plane, at least this plane that you have created through human existence.

But still, this creation of humanity is continuing to be transformed, reorganized and recalibrated by outside forces that are beyond human comprehension. You have a sense of this, an understanding of it because we have told you of it. Indeed, your mind and brain continue to process this information. To truly see it for what it is and how it is and how each day is bringing change and transformation to the world requires the senses of the soul, the ability of the soul which is within each of you and all of humanity to see and know, comprehend and absorb, integrating the wonderful blessings and changes that are following you at this very moment.

Seek to be awakened. Seek this great change within your perceptions and understanding of things. Seek to live outside of the human condition and the human reality. Although certainly, within your culture and those things that you have come to understand through living life within the human condition, that living it outside of the human condition is a dangerous and precarious place to be. Yet, as you inch your way forward and immerse yourself in this new reality, do you not become aware of the support, how you have been surrounded and will be surrounded by many light and angelic forces and by God and His Touch upon you?

It is a brave step, to be sure. It is a step that is best left uncontemplated to such a degree that you might second-guess every moment, every time you inch your way forward, rather, to do so in faith which is trusting in the process, trusting in what God intends for each of you, trusting in the strength and beauty and wonderment of your own soul and its capacities to move within this new world, this new reality which God has created and wishes to share with you. There are those of your ancestors who have known this and have experienced it. But they have long passed into spirit. The reality of man has come into ascendancy to such a degree that the reality of those in the past and those meagre handful of souls in the present is not fully recognized or understood at this time.

Yet, you must lead your brothers and sisters to a new way of seeing the world and seeing themselves and one another. This is the way that is in alignment with the Laws of the Universe, the Laws of Creation, and most ideally, the Laws of Love. This you must do for yourself. We have spoken of this many times, that indeed your great challenge is to move beyond those well-worn patterns and paths of behaviour and perception of experience that are of the physical and the material mind, to move beyond them to that of the spirit mind and the soul mind.

Many of you dabble within the spirit mind and possess perceptions that reflect this, experiences that you have allowed to be part of your life because of it. Of course, you tentatively set your foot within the reality of soul. This reality is so very much different from the physical and mental reality that many of you experience the vast majority of your time upon this Earth plane. But the time for change is nigh, my friends. It is now. It is not some precarious date in the future. It is now. For when we say prepare for the future, this is a great step toward this preparation. Allow yourselves the luxury of the reality of the soul and inhabit it, embracing it and truly be within it with evey confidence and joyful acknowledgment that it exists within you for it truly does. It truly is a part of you.

Many of you have a great deal of trouble trusting in this part of you because of its differences. Because of its nonlinear, non-logical approach, it feels more like it is imagination, some free-flow of thoughts and experiences that come with the undisciplined mind or at least that part of you that is filled with imagination. Yet, it is that part of you that will readily connect with this reality, this new way of being for there are similarities in the process and there is a wondrous melding of these two aspects of consciousness that will bring to you a wide thoroughfare of experience, thoughts and understanding of many things beyond what you may presently consider your ability to comprehend or to accept.

You must understand that reality is fluid and that every individual experiences their own reality. Yet, your scientists have indicated that those solid things in your material life are actually not solid at all but a conglomeration of atoms densely packed together in order to create the illusion of solidity. So even in the scientific realms as one goes deeper into the layers of reality, there are things that contradict those concepts that you carry within your mind and your brain.

I am not suggesting you go on a scientific journey, proving and disproving, experiencing and recalibrating your ideas of reality based on these experiences. This is unnecessary. Although, if this is your will and your wish, then of course, we would not detract or dissuade you from it. If your mind is focused upon such things, however, then where is the openness and capacity to focus on the spiritual and the soulful for these are the realities and experiences that we wish to encourage and support you on this journey? There are many others who are journeying toward the material proof of life and the very nature of life. These things certainly are fascinating to the mind and the intellect.

But this is not your journey, my friends. Your journey is that of the soul, of developing and understanding deeply and thoroughly the nature and capacities of the soul for this is something that is sorrowfully lacking in your world. Yet, it is a truth and reality that many other worlds in the firmament know and experience. Those beings who are your brothers and sisters are in great balance and harmony with these realities, concepts and experiences of the soul. It is the next great step for humanity to know these things from that place. Many are thoroughly entrenched within the workings of the mind and utilize this effectively. Although, there is a limitation to this and humanity will find that limitation soon enough. Yet, when those aspects of the three minds are integrated together, oh, there is no limitation. There is a capacity far beyond what you can imagine at this time to know the universe.

But for now, it is important for you to know your Creator, to know that part of you that can know your Creator, living this knowledge as best you can, understanding thoroughly the very basic principles of soul development, finding expansion, creativity and expression. These things are important. They are crucial. They are fundamental, though I may speak of human consciousness and its capacities to know things and encourage you to walk within that realm of understanding, most importantly, I wish to encourage you to pray as you do in order to create a bridge between the conscious material mind, the spirit mind, and the soul mind. This you are doing diligently. You are following your instructions as we are giving them, as you have been given for many years, some of you for decades.

So, it is time to practice the knowings of your soul, to acknowledge them, to not discount them, to not label this as imagination but to go further and do so with confidence, focus and diligence so that you may find your way to that wondrous place within you that is your soul. In this way, you will consciously awaken to the many attributes and gifts that are within you. Indeed, as you pray and receive the Great Essence of the Creator, this Love that is so potent, transformative, and wondrous, so these things will come. But it is human nature to ignore, to be distracted, to sidestep, to withdraw from, to be nervous and afraid of that which is new, for things that are new often challenge the status quo. It is a great struggle for you. Although within your heart, you know the direction in which you travel, and where you are going is the right direction, but within your mind is reticence, often fear, often disbelief. These are indeed the challenges that you face but you are stepping forward, if at most times, inching forward, a hair’s breadth from where you were to where you are going. Yet indeed, progress continues and you will find your way, my friends. We know that you will find your way. Do you know that you will find your way? It is a matter of faith, a matter of dedication, a matter of trust, and a matter of deep communion with the Source of All, receiving His Love. May you continue to do so, my friends.

I am Orion and I thank you for listening to me today, my beloved friends upon the Earth plane, those who I am closest to and those whom I cherish, for you are the ones who shall become the oneness, that which I speak of, integrated, fully alive, fully awakened in Love and light and truth. God bless you, beloved souls. Know that I love you and I am with you as are many. God bless you.
