---
title: "This your mandate"
menu_title: ""
description: "This your mandate"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# This your mandate

September 22<sup>nd</sup>, 2022

Direct Voice, Cultus Lake, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

I am Professor Salyards and I am very pleased with your conversation today, my friends, for you are beginning to delineate between what could potentially be the establishment of a religion and that of a spiritual organization that is intent on inclusiveness, flexibility, and love. This is what you must do when you gather people together, to accept the differences, to embrace them in love, to be flexible in your thinking and expectations for the world is a very diverse place. In order for many to feel that they belong, it is important that you acknowledge these differences and honor them provided you have a unity in purpose and that as this dear brother has spoken of, is to receive the great gift of God's Love.

How this process is interpreted within the mind of the individual is not the most important factor in your coming together to discuss these things. **Rather it is providing an opportunity for that individual to share their journey and their perspectives** providing it does not detract from this purpose. So you will encounter many different perspectives, many different individuals, for indeed the journey of the soul is a unique journey for each individual. Indeed this is part of a dilemma that you face as you try to gather people together for indeed there is a wide continuum of individuals, some having a perspective that is very much on one side of the bell curve and others on very much the other side where the majority gathers in the middle. This will always be so. It is when you begin to insist on certain things and judge others for not complying to this expectation and perspective that disharmony comes and so you must come to a place of middle ground, often compromise, and yet where love does exist and fellowship flourishes.

Judgement is what will kill the establishment of this gathering. Unreasonable expectations will also cause problems. Seeking the will of God will indeed bring to each of you insights and information needed in order to establish a beautiful arena of light for all to gather in and all to pray within. It does not need to be complicated, nor does not need to be specific regarding the use of certain language and expectations. **Rather it is "You are my brother, you are my sister and we come to pray to receive that great gift from God, it’s benediction of Love entering our souls. As we gather together in celebration of this, we will strengthen our commitment to this way of being, the way of expression of the soul. We will make new friends and reinforce old friends in a great journey together."**

Yes, as each individual departs from this gathering they will indeed express these things in their own ways upon their own path and their own ideas of the mind insuring that they have established with others their perspective. Do not worry about this for as I say the world is diverse. **Rather consider what is happening with the soul and how it is that we are all gathering together to help reinforce the growth, invigoration and transformation of the soul through love. This is your mandate, beloved souls, this is what is required. What happens with discussion and opinion is very much a secondary issue. It is love that must prevail for love will bring harmony.** Love will bring all of this and all will find that they are a part of something beautiful.

Indeed, as each of you humbly gathers your brothers and sisters together and **do so with the purpose of upliftment, light, joy and harmony that love will prevail and that God's Love, the highest blessing of all, will be bestowed upon all who gather. As you create harmony, even when you prepare for this time you are ensuring that the highest of blessings will come and the greatest of insights will be given to each individual as they pray together for the great gift of God's Love. They shall go away nourished and uplifted** and will have food for the soul and hopefully food for the mind so that **as each individual explores their own soulful potential and the possibilities of being an instrument of God so they know they have others who are by their side, not only in the flesh but in spirit. That they will feel and sense the presence of their angel friends as they open themselves to the great gift of God's Love pouring within. So the joy will come, so the insights will be given, so the truth will be understood more fully and completely as each individual seeks God and does so together as you are all unified in this great pursuit of the truth.**

You shall all be blessed and guided, my friends, you shall all be blessed and guided. Fear not, have no concern. Rather when you are inspired, act. Even if you act in a way that lacks finesse, still you are growing and learning from your experience and others will see you as a humble individual intent upon bringing forth that which is of light and truth and love. So act you must, my beloved friends, act you must and be in harmony with God's will. As you step forward you will be blessed, you will be uplifted and you will have the confirmation that you need that indeed you are on the right track, that you are stepping upon the path intended, that you are expressing yourself in truth, light, love and humility. Be sure of yourself and the power of your own soul to know and discern the will of God for every act that you do in service to God will bring greater confidence and understanding of who you are and what you are capable of for you all must grow, my friends, you all must grow and seek to serve God in deeper and more powerful ways.

As the light within you grows, so you will find your way. You will walk that road. You will be inspired and guided in order to reach out to humanity for is this not the goal, to reach out to humanity with the wondrous news and truth that they are loved and that this love may indeed change and transform and enlighten the soul?

May God bless you, my friends. I am Professor Salyards and I am very pleased to see that you desire to step forward, that you desire to serve your brothers and sisters, that you desire to gather many. As many as you can, so that you might pray together and know in the transformative experience of God's Love together in harmony, in peace, in joy and light. God bless you, my friends. God bless you in your efforts. God bless you for the desire to serve, to make these efforts, to be in the flow of God's plan for the salvation of humanity. So you will be. So, you will find your way, your place in that flow, and know the joy of it and the wonderment of it, and the peace of it, and all that is of goodness and light, my friends, goodness and light. God bless you, beloveds, God bless you. My love is with you.
