---
title: "Keep Focusing on Prayer"
menu_title: ""
description: "Keep Focusing on Prayer"
date: 2025-06-29 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Keep Focusing on Prayer

November 27<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved souls. I come. Your brother, your friend. I am Jesus. I come to pray with you, and know that God hears your prayers. He is responding to this gathering at this very moment, and God is with each one of you now.  So, I urge you to open your souls to the inflowing of His Great Essence, His Love. For this is the greatest gift that He might give to each of you, and this gift is dependent upon your desires, your longings, and your receptivity to it.

For you may be transformed in an instant if you but open and desire accordingly, or the journey of transformation may be long and slow as you seek God halfheartedly, and within your heart, it is dependent upon you and your efforts and your focus. For God wishes all His children to be redeemed in love. God wishes for all humanity to know joy and to be in harmony with His Laws of Love.

You seek this, my beloved brother. You seek this gift because in your heart you know it is true and real and a powerful blessing upon your being. Nourishing the soul is the greatest ambition and effort you may make in your life. For does not the soul continue into the world of spirit and depending upon your efforts and desire shall someday inhabit the Celestial Kingdom?

The soul is the very centre of your being. It is the very essence of who you are, and it is a reflection of God's Great Soul, and as such, has the capacity, the ability to know God’s Soul. No other being upon your planet is gifted in this way. Only humanity has the gift of a soul that is unique and individuated, and thereby, may be blessed and transformed by God and exist for all eternity in the firmament of God's Creation.

What a great gift life is. What wondrous blessings may come in a life that is in alignment and attunement with God. For this is what is meant for each of you in your life. To put aside the distractions and conditions of the earthly plane and be with God in prayer, fully and completely. That you are with God, and God with you, at these moments in this time that we set together, seeking His blessings. The most of which is His Love, but many other blessings as well may come as you sit in the Circles of Light such as this, and in your own private place where you may pray and be with God.

Every opportunity gives God the possibility of blessing you and touching you deeply within your soul. It is in your choice and effort to be with God. Those moments are the most precious and important moments of your life. May you take advantage often of the opportunities that God has placed before you in a life that is not so demanding that you cannot pray and be with Him. In a world that is continuing to change and be transformed so that someday all of humanity will have an opening, an opportunity, a blessing to know God and to connect freely with their Creator.

All this comes as God loves you deeply, profoundly, in such a way that you could not comprehend fully. God's Love flows towards you and is waiting for your embrace and acceptance as the Holy Spirit touches your soul.

May we all be with our Creator at this moment and be touched deeply in love. Put aside that which is in your mind and seek the peace and wonderment of your soul, thereby, receiving His gift fully, honouring His touch by focusing upon that which is given. God bless you, beloveds. I am Jesus, and I love you, each one. Each one are in my prayers, as are the prayers of many in the Celestial Kingdom. God bless you. I love you. I love you. I love you.
