---
title: "Blessings for the Days to Come"
menu_title: ""
description: "Blessings for the Days to Come"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Blessings for the Days to Come

March 12<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

My love and blessings you beloveds, I am Mary. How fortunate you are to have this fellowship of light, that you understand one another, you come to support one another and love one another, to bring the light into your midst, to beseech God to continue to bless you accordingly. How fortunate you are to have one another in a world that is fractured, in a world where many are engulfed in fear, confusion, pain. For them, to toil in their material work, to engage in all the material distractions, conditions of your world, is their comfort. Yet, their souls languish and do not know the blessings of God's Touch. Yet, you come together, eager and thirsting for this touch, seeking all that is of His Love and blessings upon you, so you must share this with your beloveds, with your friends, with those God guides you to. For this blessing, this light and peace and comfort, will be greatly needed in the coming days as the world continues to create greater darkness and greater confusion as many, so many are separated and isolated.

Be a light, my beloveds, be a true channel of light and love. Emanate the peace that comes with God's Touch. As you walk in the world, know that you are being guided and protected. As you seek to be God's instrument, know that with faith you can truly be His clear and beautiful channel in the world. Much is coming to you, my friends, my beautiful brothers and sisters. Much is coming. Many opportunities, many openings and blessings, many ways in which you may serve. May you be sensitive to the yearnings and signals that come from your soul, for this is where God will reach you and guide you. Have faith in the ways in which God will guide you upon this world. Have trust in your own ability to listen, to hear God's guidance.

Nurture love always. Nurture love, acceptance, peace. Do not be drawn into those conditions that are not of love, but reinforce that which is of light. Be humble. Be a part of God's great flow, His River of Love, as it carries you forward. You cannot be lost, beloveds, for you know the way and you are firmly upon the path. Be true to this. Be eager for what it may bring and for what you may learn and experience as you seek God's guidance and blessings. His Love will awaken you. His guidance will ensure that you are upon the path that is designated. He has ordained each of you upon your path. He has opened the door so that you may walk with confidence and ease upon this path. You will find great blessings await, powerful, beautiful, deep, expansive blessings, the energies of God's Touch.

Let go of all that which inhibits you in this true journey and awakening and emergence of gifts. So many gifts, beloveds, so many await each of you, for they are within you, pushing up within your soul, yearning to come to your consciousness, yearning to be utilised by your being as you make your commitment to serve God. Allow the doors to open and your beautiful being to thrive and emerge in light and love. All awaits His children. All is given freely and nothing is held back from you, my beloveds. It is given freely and abundantly. Be true to this. Be true to God and all else will come in the time and place that it is meant to be.

God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary and I love you. Each of you a light. Each of you have a special place in my heart and I pray for you often, beloved souls, so very often. You are the hope of the world, and the world needs you so very much. Listen to the cries of your brethren. Listen to the Will of God and listen to your own soul responding as your awareness grows and your journey deepens. God bless you, beloveds. I love you. I Love you dearly. God bless you.
