---
title: "Has Come to Help Earth From Another Planet"
menu_title: ""
description: "Has Come to Help Earth From Another Planet"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Has Come to Help Earth From Another Planet

May 7<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Soul Awakening Tour, Blackpool, UK

Geo received by Al Fike

…and I welcome you to our home on this Earth, a temporary home, for we are from another place. We welcome you all and will be with you throughout this time, your time of togetherness.

We are here to help you, to help guide you, to help you learn how to live in this world, in this flesh, in harmony with God's Laws of the Universe, of God's Laws of Divine Love expressed through your persons, your flesh, your relationships with others. We are here to teach you harmony and joy with your fellow humans. For we have come a long way to do this. It is our pleasure, our privilege to follow God's Will to help you assist you in the transformation of your world that you may join with others in the universe. The brotherhood, as you often call it as well as sisterhood, as we know it, of children of God that are spread across the universe. We welcome you to that brotherhood and sisterhood of souls living in the flesh that God has created and brought together, unified to share our love and our praise and love for God, Who blesses us all greatly.

We welcome you and we thank you for coming, for showing up, as you say. I am Geo, and I am your sister from another constellation. I look forward to working with all of you and sharing my love with all of you and many more upon this Earth. Thank you for letting me speak.
