---
title: "Healing With Rainbow Colors"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem talks of Healing With Rainbow Colors"
date: 2023-06-09 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Healing With Rainbow Colors

July 29<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike   


So many words, so much speculation, and so as humans you have a great desire to categorize and define the manifestations of God’s blessings and God’s universe. It is such a natural response to discovering new things and you come to affirm your particular view and wordy descriptions of what is the rainbow light. In many ways, you are correct in your assumptions and your perceptions. Yet, to truly understand these things it takes soul perception and soul wisdom to acknowledge them and integrate them into your reality.

As I say, many of you are correct in your assumptions. Yes, of course, these are energies from God, blessings from God, a manifestation of God’s blessings. You have seen each individual part of the rainbow in your own experience of healing and meditation and connection with God for light is a reflection of God’s Touch upon the material plane and the spirit planes. Light is an indication of Divine expression. So, these lights differ in accordance with the aspects of God’s expression at any given time. To collect these expressions into one beautiful mass of light that reflects many different colours is the highest of God’s blessings in the material and spiritual realms. 

I am not suggesting that the rainbow light is the Divine Love or an indication of the Divine Love, for it is not. But it is a very high blessing of God’s Touch that reflects a multiplicity of blessings within this particular flow and Touch from God. You may analyze each colour. You have had descriptions and messages to this effect. Within you, are a multiplicity of colours. It is within your auric field, within your energetic emanations for this too reflects your complete being in a segmented way. Think of the material and spiritual worlds as a reflection of God’s creation. Within that reflection are the manifestations of various energies which have within them a colour component, a light that reflects the conditions and emanations of that particular object or being, for everything in God’s universe has a consciousness, has the energy of life, and a reflection of the condition or emanations of that particular object or being.

As you go up the ladder of creation, the more sophisticated creations of God, then, of course, they involve more energies, colours, and aspects of being. When you come to the human race, humanity is the highest blessing and creation of God and is able to receive this rainbow energy, as you call it, because within each human being is indeed a rainbow of light. So, there is a synchronicity between the rainbow of God’s blessing upon the individual and the receptivity of that individual because of the harmony of light within them. As His blessing of the rainbow is bestowed upon the individual, then all the aspects of the individual are enlivened and blessed by this high blessing.

It is not particularly complicated, my beloved friends. I would not put too much emphasis on analyzing this gift for the gift in itself has existed from the beginning and it shall exist for all eternity. To receive it wholeheartedly and embrace it requires a measure of faith, but not necessarily an intellectual understanding of it. Of course, you are all curious. You desire to know the complexities, to be more in alignment with its existence. Yet, as we have told you many times when you seek the Love of God, the highest blessing of all, then you open the doors and the receptivity to encounter this blessing and to absorb it into your being. So, it shall be absorbed and so it shall uplift and so it shall have its effects upon you. 
Receptivity is the most important part of your involvement in this and having faith that it exists for those of you who have not seen this gift. Indeed, there are none of you here that have not experienced it at some time in your life. You may not have the faculties to recognize and acknowledge it, but your soul does, my friends. As your soul grows and the faculties and wisdom and perceptions of your soul grow, so you will receive and absorb a deeper understanding of this gift and what it is. I would not belabour you with technical information for this would not truly do this gift justice. 

To simplify matters, I suggest that you think of this gift as a blessing from God, that it is available to each individual and can be expressed through each individual to some extent so that you may be a channel of this rainbow gift, this energy for another, to uplift them for the spirit is very receptive to this gift. It is a thing of the spirit body. Indeed, it can manifest and touch the physical body as well and bring enlivenment and well-being to that body. It is not particularly a thing of the soul for the soul is made to receive the Divine Love of God. Though this gift may surround the soul and assist the soul in its development and capacities, it is not something that the soul carries or will absorb as it does the Divine Love and will direct and be a channel for this blessing for others and help intensify this blessing through prayer so that God may touch each individual in a powerful way.

It is indeed a beautiful gift, one that as our dear friends have spoken of, is revered by those cultures that have acknowledged and utilized this gift. Indeed, each of you, as you grow in Love, as you awaken, as you are being awakened, the acknowledgment of this gift and the utilization of this gift will be a part of your experience and channel of love in the world. It will come in its own good time. It does not need to be forced but it is good that you acknowledge it, that it is in your material consciousness in such a way that you are receptive to it and may pray for this gift. It is a powerful blessing that may bring peace, upliftment, joy, physical healing, and empowerment of gifts to the individual. It can be given at any time. Every angel of the Celestial Heavens has access to and can bring this gift to those of you on the earthly plane if you are receptive to it. 

God will assist you, beloved friends, to receive this gift openly, to know God’s generosity and love for you that come in the form of this gift and many others that are awaiting you, that are there for you. I urge you to open yourselves, beloved souls, and at times to speak of this blessing for it is a unique and wonderful blessing that may be given to any individual who is open and receptive to it. May you continue in your pursuit of being a channel of love and light. How wondrous and multidimensional this capacity to be a channel of light can be within the individual.

As the soul grows, so these capacities grow, so these gifts grow, so the light grows and is expressed in all its wonderment. Beloved souls, continue upon your journey toward light and light shall come in all its forms and wonderments. Light will come and will be with you and surround you and open you to many things.
 May God bless you, my friends, and keep you in His Love for this is the key to all as you well know and will be given with every prayer, every time you beseech God for it. With this, comes all other blessings. The cornucopia of God’s Touch upon His children is opened through prayer, receiving in humble, simple prayer that is earnest and desires to embrace all that God gives, all that God is. God bless you, my friends, upon this wondrous journey. My love is with you. I am with you often and I too bring the rainbow lights to assist you and uphold you. God bless you. My love is with you always. God bless you.