---
title: "The Potential for Rapport with God and the Angels Beckons"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion says The Potential for Rapport with God and the Angels Beckons"
date: 2023-08-20 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# The Potential for Rapport with God and the Angels Beckons
March 15<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike   


Within  your northern hemisphere there begins to unfold the harbinger of spring. Many of you will be reaching out to your brothers and sisters in loving embrace and prayerful gatherings and beautiful times of light and blessings.  God opens doors and makes possible the opportunities for you to do so and we urge you to follow this guidance and these efforts. For it is important at this time to create these bonds and connections and affirmations of fellowship together, strengthening God’s intentions and plans for you all. May you continue to awaken to a deeper understanding of this plan, deeper knowledge of the truth of God’s love and its effects upon your soul. So much hinges upon your awakening, your efforts, your openness and receptivity to the blessings of God and the will of God.

We are at your beck and call, my friends. We are eager to assist you and to be with you as you venture forward. These resources are available to each of you. It is where you put your focus, your desires that determines how close we may come, how far we may go together, how clear and powerful may be that channel of light and love in the world through you and reinforced by your angel friends, your stellar friends and the bright spirits who are eager to help with the transformation of the world. It is a daily effort in prayer, in the affirmation and expression of your soul’s desires to serve God and to serve humanity. Indeed the power of free will, will determine the extent of which you may be used as God’s channels, as you continue to allow your minds to take precedence and determine many things: where you may go, what you may think, how you may express yourselves, how the world appears to you and your reactions and responses to the world. It’s still very much determined by your mind, your material mind. And yet, God opens many doors and brings much assistance to you so that you may see the world from that different perspective, the perspective of the soul. Are you willing to journey further into this reality and be ever closer to God, Soul to soul? 

You are aware of the power of choice. You are all aware of the times and opportunities that God gives to each of you to be in alignment with God’s will, to be in alignment with the flow of God’s plan, to express in joy, the wonderment of God’s love burning within you. And so, there are times when we walk together, closely hand in hand, and times when there is distance and this is all too familiar to us. You are eager to have a close rapport and to walk hand in hand with every breadth but we cannot determine this condition, this choice. It is for you to decide. It is for you to enact as you truly do understand the laws of communication and rapport. You are aware of the many things that determine our relationship together and we are often pleased and happy to grow this relationship together, to be in greater rapport, to have a more profound linkage between our souls and your souls. As you grow in the Father’s love, the possibility of a stronger bond and deeper rapport is possible. 

May you continue to spend your days in prayer, no matter what you may do in your life, what actions may be the expression of your being, day in and day out. There is always time for prayer. There is always time for God, whether that be a moment, a thought, a brief encounter or time spent in quietness, prayer, and contemplation. God will find a way to reach you, to inspire you to reach for Him. Though the world may conspire to distract and bring you to a place that is not of joy or deep rapport and connection with the Divine and the angels of the Divine, you may through your will and desire correct these conditions and release them in favor of that which is of light. None of you are ignorant of these things. None of you are incapable of these actions and choices. But we are all too aware of the enticement of the material world and the human condition upon each of you, upon all of humanity and there are times when, though we are eager to come close, you are not. Yet you continue to strive to choose for light, to seek for the highest, to be truly God’s children in the light of His love and so this gives us hope and our patience does not wear thin nor could it. For with the transformation of our souls we are not capable of judgement and impatience. Rather, love reins supreme within our being and consciousness. It is our desire that it shall do so within yours. We travel together, work together, seek alignment together, do we not? And so it shall come, step by step, moment by moment, choice by choice, effort by effort. 

We are with you, my beloved and beautiful friends. We are with you. We wish for you to know this, to be conscious of this potential of deeper rapport, higher intention, to be within the flow of God’s will, to be in harmony with God’s laws of love. In this way, all that is intended will come to pass, will be expressed and will not be blocked by any condition that is around you or within you.

Be in the flow of that great river of God’s love, my beautiful friends. We wish to travel with you within that flow, to be with you in that joy, to work with you in that purposeful expression that comes as God communicates to your soul His will and intention for each moment of your life. We thank you and love you, my beloved and beautiful friends. We are with you always, whether that be close or far. We continue on this journey together and seek the rapport that will bring the manifestations and expressions that you so long to experience and see and witness in your life. And to give to your brothers and sisters a sign, a truth, a flow of love, of light to comfort them and to help God awaken them. It will come in time and so I urge that you have patience as well, my beloved friends. Have patience. I am your friend, Orion. I’m glad to be with you. Many angels are here today. Many angels are here to support and uplift you and so are my brethren and so are many others. God bless you and keep you in love. My love is with you. God bless you.