---
title: "The Fervency of Your Prayers is What Moves Your Souls"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine says The Fervency of Your Prayers is What Moves Your Souls"
date: 2023-08-22 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# The Fervency of Your Prayers is What Moves Your Souls
October 25<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike   


God bless you.  I am your teacher, Augustine. The fervency of your prayers is the leverage that you need in order to move your soul further toward light and closer to God. For many, it is merely the habit of mouthing the words without the desire, infusing those words and bringing the fervency is important. I know with each of you, depending on the day and condition, that fervency modulates and reflects either the desires of your soul and the yearnings of your soul or merely the habits of your mindful sense of obligation to pray and be with God. Indeed, there are many extremes and yet often, you lie somewhere in the middle of these extremes. You are at times fervent indeed. That fervency reaches God clearly and impactfully so that God will answer you in response to the intensity of your prayers. 

Yet there are times when you do so out of habit and feel uninspired, that there is a disconnection between the intention of your mind and the fervency of your soul. So I would urge you, my beloved friends, students of the truth, to consider the condition that you carry and indeed, as you pray it is often a barometer of your own spiritual condition. When there is a lackluster effort, it often indicates that you are more involved with the material pursuits and that of the mindful considerations, rather than the deep desire of the soul. For that deep desire within your soul exists. It is not that it has evaporated into thin air. Merely when the intensity is not present, it is often because the mind is overshadowing your consciousness and dampening the intensity of the desire of your soul. 

There is an important collaboration in prayer, that indeed, your mindful considerations and your soulful desires are in alignment. When they are in harmony with one another,  often the clarity of your soul rings forth, beseeching God’s blessings and is heard clearly and felt intensely. Yet indeed, in most cases and on most days, the modulation of these efforts, the intensity of them is somewhere in between the two extremes that I have indicated. Through mindful efforts and efforts in prayer that are consistent, and when you put aside all the concerns of your daily life that are of the material, indeed you will come to sense the longing of your soul more intensely. Ideally, it is desirable that you put aside all thoughts and conditions of the material world and dedicate your time to God in prayer when appropriate and the opportunity arises. 

I urge you to be disciplined within your mind, to put aside those distractions including those feelings that come from the mind that are often of the grayness and reflection of the human condition. When you feel joy, when you feel the upliftment, when you feel the expansion, when you sense the Love of God touching you deeply,  indeed you are attuned to your soul and you are not so attuned to your mind. Yet, in order for these things to come to your consciousness, often it is necessary to have your mind clear and free of distraction. That in this union of consciousness between soul and mind, which often takes place in the mind of the spirit , then you will have  a very satisfying experience communing with God. You will open the doors more readily to His blessing of love that must flow into your soul in response to your desires.

Beloveds, beautiful souls of God, acknowledge those wondrous parts of your being, the eternal parts that shall live forever, once redeemed by the Father’s Love. Is this not the greatest part of you, the most important part that needs your nurturing and your attention. So, we come to teach you how this may be done. We come to be with you to inspire you in this effort of prayer. So much is given to help uplift you, to protect you, to bring you to that place of light and receptivity. I remind you that a great effort is made from we in the spirit world, in the Celestial Heavens, to help insure that you are in the optimum environment where you may take advantage of the blessings of God. Yet, as in anything that is a collaboration between ourselves and you, it requires your attention and embracing of the efforts in such a way that you are not distracted so that conditions that are contrary to that which we are making great effort to help promote and encourage and develop, fall by the wayside so that you are free from the human condition. 

Everything is possible for you, beloved souls, provided you are in the right frame of mind and desiring of the soul in order to open the door for the floodgates to pour in, the love to be your gift within your soul. Remember to ask for this gift whenever you pray. Ask for the inflowing of God’s Love into your soul. For without this touch and desire and acknowledgement in a conscious way, often the door does not open. For it is in the will of man that many things are accomplished. When that will is in alignment with God’s Will, when that will is in harmony with God’s laws, then indeed, much can be accomplished and much can be given.

Think of these things, beloved souls. Think of how you may be in greater alignment with God. How you may travel closer to your Heavenly Father and leave behind all of those conditions that would detract you from this gift and blessing and experience. Remember that negative forces will often try to distract you and draw you away. It is their desire that you are in darkness. For as the saying goes, misery loves company and indeed these dark spirits are very happy to have you as their friends. My wish is that you will take this into consideration as well, that indeed, as your mind wanders into dark avenues, then  you draw to you by the laws that are in effect at all times, the darkness that reflects these thoughts, and the spirits that reinforce these thoughts. 

Be joyful. Be positive in your thinking. Be clear as to what you desire and what you wish to be accomplished in your day. Ask for the angels to be close and God’s blessings upon your soul to be fervent and powerful and beautiful. In this way, you have the formula for a wonderful life no matter what may besiege you in life. And indeed there are many elements and aspects of life which may conspire to bring to you great unhappiness and great pain. Yet, when you are in this condition of love, of harmony, of grace, the sting is not so great and the pain does not last. It may be momentary, but  as you pray for God to bless you and release that pain, this will come in short order and you will be freed from it. 

It does not mean that you are uncaring and do not desire to uphold your brothers and sisters, feeling compassion for those who are suffering. Rather, it means that you have made the choice to not uphold the all-to-common response that humanity has to those conditions that are dark and painful. Instead you have chosen another way, another route to your life that will bring greater joy and happiness and also bring greater joy and happiness to those around you. For as you are a light, a channel of love for God, so those blessings flow readily and help uplift your brothers and sisters. 

It is a choice. Would you join those in misery and pain or would you be in that condition of love and upliftment so that you may bring an influence and blessing of love? That you may be God’s instruments to touch others and uplift them and heal them from those conditions that conspire to bring humanity to that downtrodden place, that heaviness and pain. The world needs to be uplifted. The world needs to be free of so much that is dark. Indeed, as you continue to make efforts to walk in the light, so that when you encounter life, how you respond indicates the light and beauty of your own soul. This of course, is accomplished through prayer, prayer that is desirous, has great intent to be with God. 

Be with God, beloved souls. Be with God and be in the Grace of God. Be in the Peace of God. Be in His love. All shall unfold in harmony and light and joy. God bless you, beloved students. I am your teacher, Augustine. I am happy to speak to you today, a lesson that is most important and most relevant to those of who struggle upon the Earth plane. May you come to know something greater, of the highest, of the most wondrous blessings of God. We are here to help you come to that place. Surrender yourself to the touch of God and all else will come in its stead. God bless you, beloveds. Your teacher, Augustine loves you and is with you often as you continue your journey. God bless you, beloved souls.