---
title: "The Work Now Begins in Earnest"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem says The Work Now Begins in Earnest"
date: 2023-08-18 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# The Work Now Begins in Earnest

January 18<sup>th</sup>, 2022

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike   


Beloved brothers and sisters, I am Seretta Kem. The work now begins in earnest and you will find surprising opportunities set before you and indeed, guidance that might be unanticipated and sometimes challenging in regard to your ideas and perceptions as to how your instrumentality may be used. Yet, there are thousands of us who are working to help open doors, portals of service, possibilities of connection with others that are part of God’s plan and part of this great network of light that continues to grow. It is time to shed your timeworn ideas, those paradigms of thought and expectation that you have carefully constructed over the years, and be open and receptive to that which is new and that which brings you into a place of greater expansion and freedom of thought and deed. For any circumstance which brings you into the wider arena of those who are seeking light and those who are open to light provides a great and important opportunity to serve God. 

Though we have said in the past that we wish for you to express and speak the truth in all ways and circumstances, that truth may be expressed in more subtle ways and more diffused circumstances where direct communication may not be possible. Yet,  the many seeds of truth may be sown. This requires some finessing of your communications and sharing in a way that does not create barriers but elicits an openness and a trust. For often it is not possible to bring forth the direct truth in all its simplicity without others having judgments and barriers toward it because of their experience in those arenas such as some religious thought and spirituality. It is important to speak in such a way that you circumvent the mind and its biases and go to the soul. If this is done in love, simplicity and grace, then indeed your work has been done and the seeds have been sown. When you are prepared and awakened and wise and loving, then those doors of opportunities that await you will open readily. 
God’s plan is that there will be a great intermingling of bright souls, souls who are eager to express higher truths and thoughts that which is of light in such ways that there is a commonality of acceptance, a simplicity of understanding, a trust and a fellowship that will strengthen bonds and create such a powerful structure of truth that there will be no conflict, disputes and disagreements. That which is given in love cannot be disputed if it is truly of love, honoring and respecting your brothers and sisters and those ideas and experiences that they have had in their lifetime. The wise man will reveal his wisdom slowly and with grace, rather than pummel the individual with thoughts that are reflective of the paradigm of their thinking.   
 
As you venture out into the world, the avenues of expression, those things that God wishes for you to do, will be clarified and honed in such a way that many will wish to listen to your words and be drawn to your light. I’m not suggesting that you deny the truth or this great message of God’s Love and its redemptive qualities. But indeed, in order to receive the ear of your brothers and sisters, you must be gentle and be sensitive to the perspectives of those you speak to. Though often the truth falls on deaf ears,  indeed the soul has heard this truth, and that is what is important. Yet we, all of us, come to a time of great challenge, of great change and shifts in the thinking of humanity, and if you are to be a part of this great movement toward greater light and greater truth. You must learn to be messengers of truth that others will hear you and listen. Indeed, in those circumstances, we will do our utmost to influence and at times to manifest signs and expressions that will help others believe and be open to that which you have to say. 

I know we put a great deal upon you, my beloved and beautiful friends. You are truly challenged at times and it is easier to sit in your place of quietness in prayer and be with God, but God wishes for you to venture forth, to take those risks, those opportunities to be His channels of light and love in the world, even in a world that is often confused and in darkness and does not wish to hear. You must set forth and indeed you will meet many who are undergoing the same challenges and making the same efforts. It is important for you to encourage them, to uphold them. For you have the highest and strongest of truths and that truth must shine through your being, your confidence, your efforts and actions. You will be guided, beloved friends. Doors will indeed be open, many, many doors. As I say, doors are surprising and often challenging, yet if it is God’s guidance, do you not think the way will be open and the opportunities great? There is much to do, my beloved friends. Much lies ahead and it is not in years to come but in days, weeks, and months to come. So I urge you to be open in your prayers, to be open in your thoughts, to be open in your intentions, to listen, listen to God’s guidance, for any whispers into your ear. He puts thoughts, inspiration into your minds and your souls. Much can come daily, given your desire to hear and listen, given your prayer to open and be receptive and to follow the Will of God. As you grow in Divine Love, so your acuity in hearing and knowing and seeing, realizing the Will of God will increase. 

You are all blessed mightily. Each of you have a soul that has within it the glowing embers of God’s Love which is burning away those conditions that are not of love, which is bringing with its powers the transformation of your soul, constructing the new and wondrous you that is emerging, the new birth, the birth of something wonderful. May you continue to nurture this beautiful part of yourself and be in alignment, attunement with God. In this way, all that I speak of, all that is coming will unfold in beauty and grace, in joy and wonderment. You are meant to walk a path of service, of love, awakening and awakening others. May you find your way, my beloved friends. May you find your way and walk that path in joy, an awakening in truth, in love. Blessed be the Lightbringers, blessed be those who seek to serve God and thus, their brothers and sisters. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem and I and many, many others walk with you on this path. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you. 