---
title: "Continue to Seek Truth"
menu_title: ""
description: "Continue to Seek Truth"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Continue to Seek Truth

November 26<sup>th</sup>, 2019

Online Prayer Circles, Sydney, Australia

Jesus received by Al Fike

My blessing is upon you all, beloved souls, I am Jesus. How precious you are to me beloveds, how precious in the world. Each of you emanates a light. Each of you carries the Truth, the lantern of Truth within you. How precious you are to the world. For so few know this Truth as you know it and so few carry a Light as you carry a Light.

Continue to grow in the Blessing of the Father’s Love and continue to seek the Truth. As you do so, know that I and all the angels of the Celestial Kingdom are praying for you and praying for your world that the Truth may set all in your world free from the shackles and conditions of darkness that prevail here where you are, that the Light of God may envelop the world and all souls within it, that the power of God’s Love may wash away all that is not of love and bring the awakened souls to a deep desire to be with God and to express Love and Truth, compassion and caring for one another.

Be the examples of Truth, beloved souls, as you walk the world. Be God’s instruments of Truth as you continue to grow in His Blessing of Love. Know that I and the angels are with you all in these efforts to grow in Love, to be a Light ever brighter, ever deeper in this relationship with God. God bless you, beloveds. My love is with you. My love is with you, beloveds. God bless you.
