---
title: "You Shall be a Worker of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Shall be a Worker of Light"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Shall be a Worker of Light

November 29<sup>th</sup>, 2019

Hawaii and Australia Retreat, Waianae, Oahu, HI, USA

Jesus received by Maureen Cardoso

I am here and I am Jesus. I come with my great Light, Love, and blessing to pour upon each one of you, a special blessing, hearing this call of the Father, allowing your soul to be awakened by this Great Love. You do my work. You are the blessed children of God for in your souls, each and every one, has been an agreement with God upon your incarnation that you shall be a worker of Light at this time upon Earth, to awaken by Grace of God’s Love in great blessing within your souls.

So in times when you may doubt your path or you may doubt any part of your life, know and understand that you rose to the occasion long ago. You agreed together with God of this work. It is a great blessing, this work, my children, one that will carry you far into the Heavens, one where the journey is eternal, the blessings are many, filled with joy, teachings, carrying forward the Love of God to you. As each one of you grow in this understanding and awakening in your souls, your purpose shall continue to be shown before you. As each foot steps upon your individual path, judge not yourselves, beloveds, judge not your path for it is wide and it is great and it is full of purpose and Love. Carry this forward with each breath upon you.

Allow God to work His wonders through you. Allow God to bless you. Come to God each and every day with every concern. Do not judge yourselves, children, but bring these actions, these concerns to God asking God to help you with change, asking God to change the actions that you are concerned about into love. As this great blessing occurs, the petals of your soul continue to open and serve in great service to our Heavenly Father.

Bless you, beloved children, bless you. I am Jesus and I walk with you. God bless you. 
