---
title: "Prayer for the Divine Love is the Core"
menu_title: ""
description: "Prayer for the Divine Love is the Core"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Prayer for the Divine Love is the Core

January 20<sup>th</sup>, 2019

Online Prayer Circles, Abbotsford, BC, Canada

Luke received by Maureen Cardoso

God bless you, beloved souls. I am Luke and I also join you in this hour of prayer. It is a great message that our dear and beloved teacher, Augustine, shares with all of us. Yet, I would like to take the opportunity to share some basic thoughts with you through this instrument. For it is important, when the gift of mediumship opens up in an individual that the exercise of using the medium continues to strengthen. Yes, it continues to strengthen by the individual’s prayer for Divine Love and also the strength comes with the opportunity of being used.

What I wish to share with you is similar to how the dear soul was sharing prior to your prayer beginning. He was sharing his story and touched on his understanding that as you are here now receiving this love on the earth plane, growing in your soul development, is that not similar to what you will be doing once transitioning to side of spirit. This is true. For as you are here, you too will be on our side of life. The soul’s journey continues. 
It is good to think of your soul journey upon this Earth that you walk, as this first location for your soul to grow, expand, to develop in personality and character, and to receive many lessons and tests, and passing those tests as well.

Beloveds, the core for your soul is this Love of God. It is the core practice. Be assured that this yearning and this drawing in of God’s Love continues for all eternity. For I too continue to draw this Love into my soul as do all of those Celestial teachers that you know of and those in the Celestial Heavens that you do not know of will continue to draw close to God, communing and yearning and receiving this great Essence, the Divine Love.

So there are many tasks, many people that will come before you, many opportunities and doors that will open and you will be given the chance to share in this love. Please do not let this overwhelm you for doors will open, you will be ready for and it may take a leap of faith as you step over the threshold of this door. Yet, beloveds, when God opens a door of opportunity to you, He sees what is in your soul and what you are ready for. Draw comfort in that.

In times of confusion or uncertainty, pray beloveds. Pray to God. Invite this deep Essence of God’s healing Love to come into your souls, washing away the confusion and asking for the wisdom and truth to bubble up into your consciousness and the words and actions to be provided. As your faith builds and your strength grows, you will see how God is forever next to you, loving and supporting you, asking you to be a channel of His Love in such a way.

So the core of who you are is love and the great Essence of the Creator is Love. Allow your soul to be strengthened with wisdom and truth and you, beloveds, will have the strength to walk through every door being led by the Hand of God. It is a great walk and a journey that continues for eternity. We, your Celestial friends, are honoring God’s Will still, for each of us individually.  We pray for you as well, dear friends, that your strength grows and your ability to hear and to follow God’s Will in your life.

I am Luke and I thank you for hearing my words. God bless each of you. My love is with you. God bless you.
