---
title: "The Kiss of God Brings Changes"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Kiss of God Brings Changes"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Kiss of God Brings Changes

May 26<sup>th</sup>, 2019

FUSC, Burnaby, BC, Canada

Mary received by Maureen Cardoso

Dear and precious souls, I am here with you. It is Mary. What a joy it is to be with you, together, as you long for the Love of the Creator to bless your soul, for your soul to feel this great inflowing come into you and to bless you. For my dear and precious children, there is no other gift greater than this gift. It only asks that you long from your soul. When you receive the Touch of God, this Kiss of God upon your soul, in this place in you that is very deep, holding this longing, longing to belong, when you come to understand and know this longing from your soul, desiring to know the soul of God, that who has created you and this relationship is nourished by Love, beloveds, your life changes. There is a great sense and understanding within you, a knowing of who you are, your true essence, your soul begins to awaken. Many changes happen within you. Your gifts open in higher ways than if they were to open without this Love. Great joy comes to you, peace resides within you, a steadiness that all is well, is how you walk your life.

Your life will still, of course, have challenges before you. There are many tests upon your Earth. Yet deep within you, a faith builds and grows, and you know there is always an answer to come. There is always a way through every challenging test that is before you. This builds your character, beloveds. When one who yearns and longs for Divine Love, knows to overcome their tests, should they sit in prayer with God and having Truth and harmony come to them, they will overcome with greater ease. Should they be one to decide to make decisions and push and pull through their material mind, it is a great blessing to know this Love Divine.

It is an honor to come and to share with you my great love for each one of you and my inspiration that you may reach, reach deeply and come to know your true selves. Release all of those things that keep you from the essence of your truth. Release those many things that suppress who you truly are. When you do this, beloveds, you will understand what the Grace of God’s Divine Love can do in your life. You will be compelled to share this with others.

For your transformation happens in ways that you cannot expect and know at this time. Each of you has a glorious Light within you, full of many potentials. Awaken these, beloveds. Allow your beloved Creator to deliver this Essence of Love into your soul and awaken these many gifts and potentials.

My love is with you. I watch over you, for I have a deep and special interest for each child upon Earth. Call upon me. Call upon me when you’re in struggles and I will be near you, guiding you.

My Love is with you. I am Mary. God bless you.
