---
title: "The Grace of God and the Soul"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Grace of God and the Soul"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Grace of God and the Soul

October 27<sup>th</sup>, 2019

FUSC, Aldergrove, BC, Canada

Mary received by Maureen Cardoso

I am Mary. It is by grace of God we are here. Your beautiful singing has drawn me close to you this tonight. It is that love is grace. Love brings the capacity for one to act through grace, to speak with grace, to see with grace. For grace encompasses everything. Grace is of the highest. One will feel grace within them through kindness and understanding, through joy and hope. Grace touches the soul, the soul of each individual. When grace, the grace of God's love is brought into the soul, the soul is changed and begins a journey of continuous change, one that brings greater light within the being, one that allows harmony to work its way through the troubles in life. A soul that has received the Grace of this Love God grows in its potential, many potentials that are within the soul.

As these potentials grow and strengthen and unfold, the life of the individual, the human experience, your days, your weeks, your years are filled with a life of grace and great peace resides within you and around you. The mind will come into clarity with a steadiness of observing that which is unfolding before them. Being servant to the grace of the soul, the desires of the soul, and ever expanding and changing ways that the soul grows.

So you, dear beloveds, you've gathered here this great evening searching, reaching, longing. For you all long for truth and you all long for answers and you all seeking for upliftment. You have all gathered here and are in the midst of this beautiful experience of grace. May you open and soften to my words. You give love a chance.

May you open and witness the great blessing of this Grace and this Love touching you, touching your being, your uniqueness, and the grace that you are, and you have been created to be. Grace is Love, beloveds and Love is Grace. God is Love and God is Grace. May you be filled with the Love and Grace of God. My prayers are with you and my love is with you. I am Mary. God bless you each and every one. Be at peace in the arms of Grace. God bless you.
