---
title: "To Pray is Simple: Soul Longings are All That is Required"
menu_title: ""
description: "Pray is Simple: Soul Longings are All That is Required"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# To Pray is Simple: Soul Longings are All That is Required

October 20<sup>th</sup>, 2019

Online Prayer Circles, Punalu'u, Oahu, HI, USA

Luke received by Jimbeau Walsh

There are many here with us today, joining you, our souls opening up to the Creator’s Love. We see this ball of Light surrounding the Earth, filled with the prayers and intentions of every soul longing to connect with God in Love and the Light coming down from the Creator in response, coming into each soul. It is truly quite simple, my dear friends.

There are many techniques for prayer that are offered. There are postures that are better than others perhaps, to relax you, to help you focus. But I would say this to you, in any given moment, no matter what you are doing, no matter what your posture, no matter where you are, if you allow the longings of your souls to go out, the Father hears them. Even before you speak a word, your intention reaches the Soul of God, who will respond always, in Love. It is simple, my friends. It does not require more than the deep longings that you all have to be the focus of your prayers. Soul to soul, as we say.

We are all with you here today. If you could see the many, embraced in God’s Love, all of us, as we embrace you and join you in this Circle of Light. May the Love of God fill every soul here in great abundance that you may all be transformed with us in His Love.

With all my love and blessings, may God bless you all. I am your friend and brother. I am Luke.
