---
title: "Remember to Reach to God Each Day"
menu_title: ""
description: "Remember to Reach to God Each Day"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Remember to Reach to God Each Day

May 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2019

FUSC, Burnaby, BC, Canada

Luke received by Maureen Cardoso

I am Luke. I wish to welcome each of you into your Circle of Light, opening up your souls to receive the Great Blessing of Divine Love, the highest gift available to mankind. This Love, transforming your souls, washing you free of conditions that are not in harmony with Love and the Laws of Creation. Love that is freely given by our Beloved Creator to all souls who come before God, yearning and opening from their heart and soul to receive this inflowing of Love, creating the most intimate and loving bond with the One Who has created you.

We wish to acknowledge the dear son who celebrates on this day, his entry into Earth. May you be richly blessed, dear son, as your soul continues to walk this path, connecting ever more deeply to God in loving service to your Beloved Creator, desiring to fulfill your purpose. We are deeply appreciative of your commitment, your dedication to the awakening of your soul, to the service of your brothers and sisters, to the desire to hear the Will of God in your life, and listening and hearing the promptings of your Celestial angels that walk so closely with you. There are many blessings from us in spirit, showered upon you, my son. We celebrate you and we thank you for your service.

Beloved souls, there are many distractions in your life. Did we not just have to wait for one large distraction at this moment in time? That noise that you all experience in the busyness to your everyday lives, the demands that they put upon you, the goals that you desire to reach and obtain, the endless chatter that goes on from your mind, all distracting you, holding you in the human condition in this material plane.

What you engage in now, beloveds, this sitting in Circle, opening your souls, receiving this blessing of Love, this supporting and nourishing your spirituality, awakening your soul, coming to understand the Truth of Love, the Truth of an unconditional Love much different than that of the human love which is full of condition. The Love of the Creator is not the same as the love you feel toward one another. The Love of your Creator is always waiting to bestow itself upon you, should you only open and ask. As one does this and this blessing comes into the soul, a transformation begins. Greater Light exists within the individual. There are stirrings and awakenings of the soul desiring to have an expression in your life and lead you down a path that is in alignment with the Creator, that is in harmony with creation. So, beloveds, this is waiting for you in every breath, in every moment.

We understand your lives are busy and you live upon this material plane and there are commitments within your lives. But our message to you, your guides and teachers upon the Divine Path, is to take time each day, as often as you can, to support yourself with this blessing of Love. You will find great harmony comes into your life. Those material needs are more easily met, some distractions that seem so very important to you, begin to fall away, for they no longer fulfill a need. You begin to walk a life that has a richness inside of you. You are more concerned with your interior health opposed to what is happening around you and these many distractions.

So, as you sit in Circle with your souls open, desiring to be blessed by God, God answers this prayer and here in the midst of you is an inflowing, a flood of Love. Drink in these Waters, these nourishing Living Waters for your soul. We, your angel friends, come to support and guide and shower you with our love. Remember to bless yourselves each day, beloveds. Remember to reach to God and remember to spend time in this awakening of your soul. Many blessings await you from your great efforts and your soul development will bring forward gifts and unfold your life’s purpose.

God bless each of you. My love is with you. I am Luke. God bless you.
