---
title: "Thanksgiving Message"
menu_title: ""
description: "Thanksgiving Message"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Thanksgiving Message

October 13<sup>th</sup>, 2019

FUSC, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Mark received by Al Fike

God has great compassion and Love for each one here as he does for all the souls who reside upon your world, no matter their culture, their creed, their religion. Each and every being who resides upon this planet have a soul which is that part of them that is able to communicate with God. So I encourage you to open your hearts and to awaken your souls for the possibility of direct communication with your Creator.

In this prayer, beseeching God, you will have a response. A blessing will be given. As you continue to go to God and ask for that which God has to give to you, which is His Love, His Essence flowing into your souls so that you will come to know yourselves in ways and aspects that you are unaware of today. This awakening will grow and never stop growing and bringing forth revelation after revelation, great bliss and Love, great Light and Truth. It will change you, beloveds. For, is not life change? Is not life growth and evolving in all its wondrous ways?

Be blessed by God at this moment. Open your souls wide and receive this gift, this day of gratitude and thanksgiving. May you receive the gift that God has to give to you, His beautiful Love.

God bless you beloveds. I am Mark and my love is with you. God bless you.
