---
title: "The Angels and We on Earth are Greatly Needed"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Angels and We on Earth are Greatly Needed"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Angels and We on Earth are Greatly Needed

December 1<sup>st</sup>, 2019

Hawaii and Australia Retreat, Waianae, Oahu, HI, USA

Mary received by Maureen Cardoso

God bless you. I am Mary. It is a beautiful gathering of gracious souls gathered together in person here and across the wires where God‘s Love involves each and every one of you. It draws me close for to see my children come together in love, in tolerance, awakening to the Truth and the wisdom and the harmony and the Grace that God‘s Love will bring to each and every soul. My beloved children, you are well on your way to at-onement with our Heavenly Father. I bring my wishes, my tender heart, and my love to shower over each and every one of you, to wash away that which is not in harmony and to invoke a beautiful desire, strengthening a longing within your souls to continue walking toward your Heavenly Father.

Dear and gracious children of Earth, to see your light, to see your light brighten and to strengthen is such a gift to us in the Celestial Heavens for our service to God is to help you. Our reward is witnessing the brightness of souls in each and every one of you. It is how we recognize the light that is within you that is expanding. We recognize that our service to God is working and it inspires us to continue in our service as we are dedicated hearing from God our own guidance and then doing our best to help the beautiful souls that are working their way to the Celestial Kingdom.

We yearn one day when you can see us and recognize us. There will be a great celebration when you pass into spirit, where we may honor you for all the work that you are doing to awaken your soul which will compel you to be in service of all your brothers and sisters. For as this love strengthens your soul, you will be drawn again and again and again to share with your brothers and sisters, to come together, and to serve your purpose. While you on Earth, you are greatly needed as we, your Celestial teachers, are also greatly needed by God. We are one family of Love. Our souls are eternally connected. My love is with each and every one of you as you well know, but it is important for us to continue to remind you. You are love. You are grace. You are joy. You are peace. You are harmony. God bless you, beloved souls. I am Mary and my love is with each and every one of you. God bless you.
