---
title: "Gods'Intention is for every soul to know his love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Gods'Intention is for every soul to know his love"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Gods'Intention is for every soul to know his love

November 30<sup>th</sup>, 2019

Hawaii and Australia Retreat, Waianae, Oahu, HI, USA

Jesus received by Al Fike

May God’s Love touch your souls deeply, my beloved brothers and sisters. I am Jesus. I come to bless you in your efforts to bring the Grace of God’s Love within, to awaken you to all the Truth and beauty and glory of God, awakening you to all that is possible in God’s Creation. For God has made a wondrous world, both this world in the physical plane, but the worlds beyond that await you. God’s intention is that you walk in Light always, that you come to discover the great depth and multiplicity of beauty that God has created for His beloved children. You will come to know all that there is in the great world of spirit and in the Celestial Heavens. You will come to know with great joy and great glory within your souls, how beautiful you are, what God has created which is magnificent and wondrous.

Each of you are loved beyond measure. Each child of God’s Creation is loved beyond measure. God’s intention for every child, every soul that He has created, is to know these wonders and glories and to know His Love in all its richness and depth that will transform your souls beyond recognition to what you are truly meant to be: an angel of God, a transformed soul that is enlivened and awakened with His Touch of Love. What you have tasted in your life, in this journey of Love and awakening, is but a drop upon your tongue. The great washing of Love is to come yet within your existence, so that all will be awakened and healed and transformed and made into the very Substance that is God.

Blessings to you, my beloved brothers and sisters. May the Holy Spirit touch your soul deeply. May the transformation continue to happen within you all and may you continue to walk this Path of Love, of which I walk ahead and make way for each one of you into the Celestial Kingdom.

God bless you, beloved souls. May God awaken you and heal you and bring to you all that is of goodness and glory to God’s Creation and Truth. God bless you. May God bless you deeply. I am your brother, Jesus.
