---
title: "The Power of Prayer is Beyond your Understanding"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Power of Prayer is Beyond your Understanding"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Power of Prayer is Beyond your Understanding

November 18<sup>th</sup>, 2019

Hawaii and Australia Retreat, Ancient Gardens, Eudlo, QLD, Australia

Jesus received by Al Fike

I come. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. I come to bless you all, beloveds, and all who are with you. I come to bless your families, your loved ones, all who are connected and part of your life. You indeed can call upon God to bless all in your life, beloved souls, those in need, those who are in need of healing, of comfort, those who are lost, those who do not know and understand the Truth of God’s Love. Pray for your loved ones. Pray for those in the world whom you know are in need. Pray for your world that continues to suffer and is in great pain.

Beloveds, the power of prayer is beyond your understanding. As you utilize this gift and knowledge of prayer, know that it will strengthen as the Father’s Love continues to strengthen your soul. Know that the power of your prayer may magnify as the Love within your soul magnifies the Light within. Know as you pray, so we will pray with you and accompany you upon your journey to God.

Such great power and potential you carry, beloved souls. You have found the key to unlock all of these potentials and possibilities. Awaken to this, this great gift and knowledge of Truth. Awaken to God’s guidance and Touch upon you. Awaken to a new way, a new perception of life lived in the Grace of God. You will find yourselves upon a path of service, upon a path where God will use you in wondrous ways and many gifts and unexpected blessings will come to each of you.

You are my brethren. I walk with you. I lead you upon this path. God blesses us all as we continue to forge ahead in Light and Love. Blessings to you all, beloved souls, and know that I am with you. God bless you. God bless you beloveds. I am Jesus and my love for you is great. God bless you.
