---
title: "Mary Comes as a Mother Does"
menu_title: ""
description: "Mary Comes as a Mother Does"
date: 2025-08-10 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Mary Comes as a Mother Does

November 7<sup>th</sup>, 2019

Hawaii and Australia Retreat, Sydney, Australia

Mary received by Maureen Cardoso

I am Mary. I come like a mother does, watching her children prepare to head out the door on a journey, wishing you well, letting you know that I will be travelling with you, bringing the love and comfort to all that you meet, like a mother does, watching over her children, blessing them, so hoping that there is harmony and blessings to be given and to be received amongst all.

So, dear ones, as you leave this Portal of Light that you have been strengthening with your prayers and your love, and receiving the many blessings through this Portal that have touched each one of you in a necessary way to bring strength. Now you are ready to walk forward out into the human condition and to bring this Light with you.

There will be many experiences of joy and of peace and harmony. My encouragement is that you focus upon the many blessings through these experiences. For this is what will help to diminish any effects that may not be the joy that you hoped for. There will not be many of these experiences. But as humans do, they can sometimes focus on that which distracts them from joy and love and the experience of their soul that triggers much from the mind. So as your mother from heaven, I wish to encourage you to focus upon the essence of your soul, to allow those beautiful feelings to rise up within your body and in your consciousness, and that you have the great strength and ability to remember the Light that lives within you, the truth of who you are, bringing forward the essence of your soul.

This is where you have come to upon your journey, beloveds. You have all been praying for God’s Divine Love a great many years. As you walk forward, you are testing yourselves through these great experiences, to allow your soul’s expression to be in the forefront. You are all up for this task. When you find yourselves too much in the mind, call forth the essence of your soul. Stop a moment and allow the way your soul would express itself to come forward and these habits and patterns of your mind to fall into the background.

It is a test each one of you are about to embark upon. More so now than you have in the past. My blessing of love and nurturance is with you. I pray for each one of you that you call forth God and lean into the Presence of God, you bring forth the Essence of God’s Love into your consciousness, and allow the strength of your soul to be that which is expressed through you.

God bless you upon your journey. I walk with each one of you as you move forward into these many days ahead, supporting, praying and being a great channel of how God’s Love has touched your soul and changed you. Let that Light lead the way, beloveds.

God bless you. I am Mary and my love is with each one of you. God bless you.
