---
title: "Responds to Some Questions Submitted"
menu_title: ""
description: "Responds to Some Questions Submitted"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Responds to Some Questions Submitted

October 30<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Orion Project, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Blessings to you, my friends. It is your friend, Orion. I come to speak to you of many things in regards to our relationship together and how we may work together. We rely upon the Laws of Rapport and Communication just as your angel friends are reliant upon this. The closer we come to you, the easier is our rapport and our communication. This is determined mainly by your efforts and desire to establish this rapport. If indeed a strong rapport is established between each of you, it would not be that difficult for us to communicate through you in one way or another so that information may be shared for each of you have particular gifts and abilities which may be reflected in the information that will be shared. Thus, the bigger picture will be filled in with these various communications and capacities to communicate.

 I urge you to walk in light, to be close to our Creator, and to follow the laws that our Creator has established throughout the universe. So, you will come to know us more readily and come to receive the answers to your many questions. It is not necessary to rely upon one individual such as this medium in order to fulfill this desire for greater information and understanding. You may each take on this responsibility and walk in the light of truth in such a way that your questions will be answered and your dilemmas resolved in light and harmony.

I know we ask of you to take a big step, something that has heretofore not been established nor recognized in any great way. Yet, here we are, my friends, here we are speaking together, praying together, seeking to work together. As I hope you have all come to affirm, this is God’s Will. This is part of the plan that God has established for the awakening of humanity. We are not the key aspect of this plan but we are contributing and will do so in subtle ways to begin with. But indeed, in time, when the climate is right, we will make ourselves known as physical beings upon your planet.

This shall shake many to their core as the many beliefs and understandings of what is called extra-terrestrials will be reconfigured and realigned into something that is more of truth. We will indeed prove our existence to humanity and help them to come to understand that given their efforts, all of your efforts upon this planet to ascend to a higher level of consciousness, to make greater effort to love one another and obey the Laws of Creation that are established on your planet and every planet in the universe that holds life, then the work will begin to transform your world from its present chaos and inharmony to something that is indeed quite liveable and harmonious.

You ask of beings that are intent on dominating this world whose intentions are not for the good but are evil in nature, much of these conditions that have been reported and experiences are actually the result of meddling spirits upon your earthly plane, spirits who have learned some degree of proficiency in changing their shape and appearance. They do so not so much with the intent of evil but they find a sense of satisfaction and are mischievous in these ways. For many in your world are much more open and receptive to the idea of these strange creatures that come from other planets to bedevil humanity and try to dominate humanity.

Your literature and movies are filled with these scenarios. They are gobbled up by eager imaginations wanting to believe in such horrific scenarios. Yet, the truth be told that those who are of a lower order of soul progression and perspective do not have the capability of inter-stellar travel. The minds of men assume that all that is requires is mindful application of technology, understanding the Laws of Physics and the Universe in order to establish modes of transportation and the ability for inter-stellar travel. But I say to you that it requires more than this. It requires a capacity for love and wisdom and ability to overcome the mental barriers of the understanding of the physical laws to a point where one understands the spiritual laws and can utilize this understanding in order to facilitate travel between different worlds.

Thus, our understanding is great in this regard. Our ability to travel between worlds is great as well. We may go anywhere that we desire to go because we travel in a dimension that is more spiritually harmonious and of greater light than that of many of the physical worlds that are not well-developed.

It is because of your efforts and the efforts of some upon your Earth to seek for higher vibrational avenues and expressions in your material world coupled with the efforts of your angel friends that we were able to establish a link between our planet and yours. This is the precursor to the great changes that are about to take place on your planet. It starts from the top, as you would say, downward toward your rather rudimentary vibrational existence upon the physical plane.

Great efforts have been made in order to establish this link. So, we are now with you in many respects and take great interest and effort in helping to uplift each of you and all of you upon this planet. It is a great gift to you to have the multi-dimensional efforts that will come and have come to this world, not only from your spirit friends but from those who are not of this world.

So, God’s plan is unfolding, although it seems so very subtle that you cannot see nor feel nor touch the differences to any great degree. But indeed, these differences will intensify, firstly in your consciousness, your soul awareness, your minds, and then even in the physicality of this world. God warms this planet with light slowly, bringing the vibrational levels up gradually so that all may adjust to this new condition. As the heat rises, so to speak, so we are more able to establish ourselves here. It’s that time when the vibrations are strong, we will be able to come physically to your planet.

This will not be established by space ships, vehicles of material means, but will be established by our manifestation upon the world as you wish for your angel friends to manifest upon this world. Indeed, we will all have this ability in time as we work and we work within God’s parameters and plan to make this manifestation possible on such a level that none will be able to deny our existence, our presence, the presence of your angel friends and bright spirits who will come to counsel humanity. Those who are truly of evil intent will not be able to hurt us, nor remove us from our mission for we do not and will not manifest a physical body but will manifest through our spirit bodies.

So, you see, the plan is sound but the great challenge is coming to that place where the vibrations of your world, the intentions of your world, the light of your world will support such efforts. I know it is hard for you to imagine how life will change on this world. You are so very caught up in your material concerns and the material vibration of this world as it is. Yet, overlaying this condition, what you call the human condition, is this other force which is made up of many elements that are slowly but surely transforming the condition of your world from darkness to light.

Indeed, we contribute our efforts, our technologies from that level of spirit manifestation in order to assist you and assist others. You are aware of the gift that is given and implanted within each of you and how that is beginning to affect you and help to uplift you and open many avenues of awareness and perception. A sense of well-being grows within you, not only from your souls which of course is the great source of well-being, but also the added blessing of this implantation which augments these feelings and transmits these feelings from one to another and collectively to the great beacon that has been established on your world.

There is a great synergy between all of you and with what has been established that helps feed the light the continues to grow upon your planet. There are others that have been implanted whom you do not know but whom you will know in time. There will be a great gathering of souls who are intent on assisting God on this reclamation of this planet of yours. The force of this collective effort, those of us in the spirit and those of you in the flesh, will be a formidable force which God will use. It is like a great lens that God continues to polish and hone into a perfect aperture for His Light to flow and be directed upon this world.

You are each part of this and you are being honed by God. The awakening of your soul will continue to enhance all that you are meant to be in the world. The great gift and Source of Love that is God’s Essence is the key that awakens the machinery of light and transformation and love. These three elements are working in your world. You are an integral part of this machinery that continues to awaken your world and change your world in so many ways.

The consciousness of humanity will in time wake up to this transformation, come to understand the power of love, and in this, helping to reinforce light in your world. So, as I have said and many have said over and over again, the time for change is upon us. The awakening of humanity is now the primary focus of our efforts, all of our efforts so that indeed this world will be transformed. Humanity, as powerful as it is, will not be able to resist these efforts, the great blessings that God continues to pour upon this world. It will cause great discomfort amongst many.

Indeed, if in your daily routines, you are feeling apprehension and doubts and concern, something that is not your usual state of mind, might I suggest that is the atmosphere in which you are living at this time, that there is much apprehension and confusion and doubt amongst humanity as these forces continue to bear upon the consciousness of each individual in this planet.

So, this will increase. I know that each of you are aware and can utilize the Laws of Prayer and Upliftment in order to neutralize these conditions within you. I merely wish you to be aware that these conditions are not sourced from within you. Merely, it is stimulating certain ideas and old patterns that you possess within. Since these patterns and ideas are virtually universal upon your world, it is reinforced within your atmosphere countless times every moment through each individual.

It is for you to overcome and to establish a firm foundation, a foundation which is called faith, a foundation which is called truth and understanding of what is truly existing in your world and what truly is meant to exist. Rather than doubt yourselves, come to know yourselves and know your true selves and know your relationship with God and with the life that God has created for you and be joyful in this, my friends. For a life is meant to be of joy, that true happiness comes with the alignment of your soul with the Great Soul of God. This is the first and most fundamental step in the transformation of your world. With this alignment which deepens with each day, so you will find yourself with deeper joy and much, much less apprehension until it disappears.

Be with God, my friends, for with God, everything is possible. Indeed, it is God that has made it possible for us to communicate and to bring the support that is helping to establish greater light in this world of yours. It is God that has allowed the angels of the Celestial Heavens to manifest in your world and with you in prayer. So much is possible with God. So much is necessary so that the healing of your world is established and that life is in harmony.

All comes through the Great Creator of All, His Love infusing the universe and that you are able to harness it, to receive it, to come to know the wonderment and beauty of a soul in great communion with God.

So, my parting words are, may God bless you, beloved souls. May you come to know your true selves. May you come to know all who are with you to help you upon the journey toward light and at-onement with God. May you come to know your true and wonderful Creator in love, in peace and harmony. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. My love is with you all, beautiful upstarts of light sparking in the darkness their beautiful souls. God bless you. God bless you all.
