---
title: "You Will Know When to Step Forward"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Will Know When to Step Forward"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Will Know When to Step Forward

July 17<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

Dear beloved, beloved souls, I am Seretta Kem. Don’t you feel the enthusiasm building within your souls as you come closer to that date where you will come together? Have you not felt the ministrations of the Angels as you prepare in prayer and within your minds, your thoughts, to be together in this harmonious circle of light ? Do you not see that each of you has before you a great opportunity, a beautiful opening that God has given you in service ? And that it is God's intention that you will fulfill your destiny to receive this gift and to express this gift when the time is right? Yes, great changes continue to engulf your earth and they will be ever greater still as time passes. These opportunities to come together as you will will be diminished by these changing conditions so the opportunities that are made available to you now are precious indeed and important, and we desire that you make the most of your time and make the most of this time of preparation.

If you can break the barrier of fulfilling the manifestation of this gift while you are together, then indeed you have found the fulfillment of your soul's desire and our souls’ desire to make this bond, this connection, this channel for manifestation come to fruition. What a great blessing it will be for the world to have those of you who will be God's instruments of truth and will manifest many things, not just our presence, but will be given many opportunities to speak, to heal, to comfort many. God’s instruments upon the earth, beloveds, will bring many beautiful blessings provided they are prepared, that their souls are awakened in Divine Love, and their true selves begin to emerge and manifest in their lives that the soul will dominate. The soul will be guided, the soul and its wisdom will be utilized by God to bless many. As we have told you in the past when you are called and  that time will come, you are required to step forward and to utilize what has been implanted within you, what God has awakened within you, what is spiritually powerful and clear and beautiful, to come forward in service for humanity.

We are not suggesting that you are unable to exercise your free will and decide for yourself. But I say to you that these opportunities that are given and the blessings that are poured upon you are for a reason and it is for you to find your alignment with God, to be in that flow of His Will and, in your own way, to be obedient to God's Will.

Most upon your earth compromise many things and may have high ideals, but when it comes to their application, they fall very short of manifesting these ideals and living by them in their life. My precious and beloved souls, I implore you to consider seriously your choices and your desires for we cannot abide by half measures in this group. It is a full commitment and we have told you this many times, and I know there are many elements in your life, many aspects that need your attention. And in order to sustain your life on earth, there are things you must do, but each of you, given your commitment to walk in faith, to listen to God's guidance, will be guided thusly and those obstacles in your way will fall away.

It is not that God wishes for you to sacrifice your life for in service this is a very human concept and what you would call black-and-white thinking. Rather, God will knit together your life and His Will in a way that will bring harmony for whatever God does with His servants and those who wish to comply with His Will are always in harmony. This is the hallmark of God's Touch upon any venture, that there is harmony, there is joy, there is love. So do not fret when I say this requires your utmost dedication for these dedications will be of great joy and blessings will flow out to your loved ones, your families, as you commit yourself to this venture.

Unfortunately, all souls have free will and may resist your efforts. Your families may have to adjust and some will find the adjustment quite difficult, but indeed those blessings from God will continue to flow and ameliorate the conditions of resentment and fear, confusion. And when that time comes where you will be recognized by many others, will this not bring a sense of joy to your loved ones, that you have stepped forward into the world as a light, a leader, an individual with great prospects and blessings? Beloved souls, there is much for you to do in the meantime and indeed, because of the power of free will and the power of the earthly conditions, there is a great resistance to your efforts. But I say to you, walk in the light with each day, continue to be in the light, continue with your commitment, continue to seek God's blessings, continue with faith for it is faith that will bridge the difference between those conditions that you live in today and the conditions that will open the floodgates for your service and these gifts which we toil to manifest and bring about in the world.

Have faith that all will be well, have faith that God has a plan, have faith that your life will bring greater joy and harmony, have faith that the sacrifices that you may make will be well worth that effort and that choice. For as I've said, when you do God's Will and God's work, you are greatly blessed. And so you shall be, beloved souls, greatly blessed. And the world with all its troubles, all its demands, all the disharmony that swirls about you in this world will be laid to rest and you will find peace and joy and fulfillment. The power of God's Love as it enters your soul and expands your soul will double and redouble as you pray for this gift. That expansion will touch your loved ones, will bring peace to your loved ones. That blessing will light a beacon that will help guide your loved ones. The great gifts that you will manifest will guide many towards light, and you will know when to step forward, and God will give you opportunities where you may replenish and renew your commitments to the earthly plane.

All will flow in harmony and grace. Love will be the cornerstone of your lives. Love for humanity, all of humanity, will be within your consciousness and all those worn patterns of judgments and fear and desire for control will fade away with the power of love. Each moment is an opportunity, beloved souls, to reach out to God to receive His blessings. This is an act of faith. May you exercise your faith in the knowing and understanding that God's desire for you is for the utmost and highest of good and will bring the utmost harmony and light. His Love has this power, His Love makes it possible to manifest many things. Most of all His love will heal all that is within you that is not of love. May you continue to walk this Divine Path, to be in harmony and alignment with God's Will.

You will find yourselves tested and that life, the human condition, will try to pull you away from your task. Do not allow this to be, beloved souls. This is where your faith and your strength, your commitment and your perseverance will lead you down the path that God has designated for you. Do not allow fear to enter into your minds, or doubt. Be truly God's child, be truly in His grace, and all will be well as we continue to progress together on this shared road towards at-onement with God.

May God bless you, beloveds, I am Seretta Kem. My love is with you all. Know that I am close to you all, that many are close. At all times you have angels by your side. Deeply blessed, beloved souls, how many in your world have this great blessing, this great gift of love and upliftment, protection, healing light? So much is given from the heavens to each of you. God bless you, my love is with you, God bless you.
