---
title: "Earth Conditions and Each Individual's Free Will will Determine Who will Attend Retreat"
menu_title: ""
description: "Earth Conditions and Each Individual's Free Will will Determine Who will Attend Retreat"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Earth Conditions and Each Individual's Free Will will Determine Who will Attend Retreat

June 15<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

I have come to answer your questions, beloved daughter. First, I must comment that it is interesting that some feel that since they have been called that all barriers and obstacles of the human condition will be removed, that somehow God will intervene in every situation in order to ensure the flow of a particular destiny and a realization of its purpose.

I say to you, beloved souls, that this cannot always be the case. At times, God does indeed intervene. At times, God does indeed clear away the barriers but it is when that expectation that God will do so despite all situations and conditions to the contrary that the individual becomes somewhat disillusioned or shocked, that indeed the power of the human condition can be so great and the power of God not as great. But indeed, what it requires for us to remove barriers in this way is a tremendous effort involving many spirits and angels and God’s infusion of power to ensure the outcomes that the individual has expected or has prayed for.

The human condition is a very fluid and unpredictable thing. There are many, many streams of influence, currents of actions and thoughts which will bring about results that are often unexpected, at times shocking and at times delightful. But indeed, the human condition upon your earthly plane is more powerful than anything else upon your world at this time. This situation must be taken into account when you are making your plans and considering your guidance. To be naïve about this situation and condition is to release your ability and power to make those choices which will bring greater harmony into your life and facilitate a clear expression and flow of God’s Will through you.

As for comments regarding those who will be a part of your circle and those who will not, I say that the first test is for those who wish to be a part of this circle when the time comes, that time within your material existence and designation will determine whether the individual is a part of the group or not. What we have arranged is not a trifling matter. It is not to be taken for granted that an invitation has been given and that because of that invitation, all parties will be successful in their arrival upon the scene for as I have said, the human condition continues to exert its influence upon all of you and may indeed thwart your opportunity to be a part of this circle.

It is for you to be vigilant, to be wise in your actions and your thoughts, to be clear about your intentions, and to have great faith that God will carry you through. At times, those who are naïve and think that they are immune from the consequences of the human condition feel that nothing will stop them from their goal. But I say to you, God’s Will does not necessarily manifest in your world and it requires your vigilance, your prayers, your thoughts, and your decisions that will help to facilitate the expression of God’s Will.

Each of you have free will. Indeed, all of you upon this world have free will. This makes for a very dynamic condition that cannot wholly be predicted or understood until that moment comes in time where the expression of the individual is realized. Every individual affects this great flow and interaction of energies in the world. It is our hope and our wish that all of you who have chose to be in alignment with God will indeed know and feel and realize God’s influence and Will upon you, therefore, guiding you through this great maze of conditions so that you are not thwarted, so that you may be a clear channel for God.

With some days you are successful and with others, you are not. If you care to look back upon those days where you have not realized success, it is often because you have taken on this somewhat naïve and stubborn approach that God will do all what you call “the heavy lifting” and all that you need do is follow. I say to you that you too are required to make effort, to walk with wisdom, with strength, with light, with love, to perceive a situation in a way that your soul and your mind are in agreement with this perception so that as you move forward, you are informed and empowered with the choices that are available to you and the choices that are in harmony with God’s Will.

It is a very complex and often subtle situation that you find yourself in when making important decisions and executing God’s Will in a powerful way. Prayer is often the pre-cursor to action for in prayer you may be guided. In prayer perceptions may open and in prayer a deeper understanding of the situation may come. In this way, you are given the opportunity to be within the light of God’s Will and enact His Will in harmony despite often contrary conditions within your world.

As one continues to forge their alliance with God, to be in harmony with God’s Will, so God empowers the individual with great gifts of insight and wisdom. Faculties of the soul awaken, perceptions keen and clear, as He blesses you with His Essence to awaken your soul. Everything that is given is given freely but also, what is given has purpose. That purpose provides clarity and meaning and understanding which are tools to be leveraged.

As you continue to grow as God’s instruments in the world, your relationship with God and your relationship with we in the Celestial Kingdom is crucial in formulating your actions. You cannot take for granted the power of your own free will and the power of that which you do in the world for without your part and the unfolding of God’s Will, nothing can be accomplished. You need to know your own self, that deep part of you. Also, you need to recognize that all parts of you, including your mind, are active agents of your soul. When this is realized and the flow of will is in harmony between your mind and your soul, then you will see clearly the road to be taken. It will not be ambivalent or clouded by the willfulness of your mind. Rather, it will be a harmonious undertaking between all parts of yourself in alignment with God, with the flow of light inevitable in your actions.

It is also important to note that often your mindful ideas, your desires and expectations of the mind are not necessarily what will be the outcome of your actions for the feebleness of the mind and its ideas is weak compared to the Will of God. It is important to be humble and to realize with all intention and desire that God’s Will can be done through you and that His Will is far more wise, powerful, loving, and of light than anything that you may come to see and desire to enact within your life.

Opening the channel for God to work through you is accomplished through humility,  prayer, and a desire to serve. When all of this is in alignment, then the wisdom of both the soul and the mind are also in alignment with the truth. In this way, it is possible for the individual to see clearly the currents of the human condition which may obstruct the expression God’s Will in your life. In that perception comes understanding and with understanding comes wisdom. With wisdom comes the right action, the right way in which one may execute God’s Will within your life. It is that guidance which comes from God, in God’s intention to bring harmony and to use you as His instrument.

Much comes from your willingness, your humility, your desire. It is important that these things are true and a clear expression of yourself. May you come to see that your journey in life with all of its intransigence and difficulties is also a testing ground for the expression of your soul and the expression of God’s Will through you. The only way that this road and flow of light can be strengthened and purified is through your efforts and intentions to act in the world. In this action, may you see for yourself those avenues that you have taken that are not in accordance to God’s Will and have not brought about much success.

This trial and error experience in life continues with every day. Yet, as you grow in the Father’s Love, as you continue to awaken in this Love, so the wisdom grows and so you learn more acutely those lessons that come. Bear in mind that we cannot circumvent your free will, that indeed your will is powerful within this world. So, we must work with these conditions, with the imperfections of your being, with the humanness that you all carry.

Because we have great patience and love and humility, we continue in our consistent efforts to guide you along your path, to help you to see those parts of you that are not in harmony with God’s Laws of Love so that you may correct your path, that your will may be focused upon light, upon its acquiescence to God’s Will. This takes great effort on your part allowing yourself to see those flaws and parts of yourself that you often hold dear and feel protective of, but in time must be released for they are not in harmony. They are not a part of that new and awakening self that continues to unfold in your life.

Your experience in the material world is a great testing ground and a great opportunity to learn many lessons. It is our hope that when your time come to pass into the world of spirit that through your schooling, so to speak, you have grown in great light and wisdom and will come to a place of great light and wisdom in which you may reside and that you will also be a pure and beautiful channel of God’s Will and Love in the world.

Yes, there are many expectations, responsibilities, and intentions from God for your life. But indeed, you are given many, many blessings. You are uplifted in many, many ways. So, it is not that all responsibility falls upon your shoulders. Without the ways and means and support, the love, the guidance, the blessings, the upliftment that is given abundantly so that you may enact God’s Will through you and that God’s Love may enact its transformation within your soul and all is given in love. Though the conditions of your world are harsh, surely you must see that you have been given much to counteract its harshness.

Soon many of you will open in wondrous and joyful ways to the understanding and experience of God within your life. In this way, when you enact God’s Will, it is not a burden at all. Rather, it is a joyful expression of your soul in alignment with God’s Great Soul. It will flow and you will dance through those conditions and barriers that may hold you back. You will see for yourself what needs attention, what needs your expression and energies in order to accomplish what it is that God wishes for you to do. In this way, many blessings will flow, many souls will benefit, much light and love will ensue upon your desire, prayerful efforts to serve God.

May you continue to find your way, beloved souls. For those who desire to come, to be a part of this circle for development, may you have Godspeed upon you, His blessings to assist you, and that all barriers may be removed. But keep in mind that this earthly plane has a way of thwarting even the most certain of souls. I urge you to be vigilant. I urge you to be clear in your prayers and to be sure of your actions so that you may indeed arrive safely and be a part of something that will, I assure you, be well-worth your efforts and time for the blessings of God are eternal. The conditions of man and the expectations of the material world are not. So, it is your choice, that which you may follow and abide by. When one is in harmony with God’s Will, then the conditions of the material world will be neutralized. What may be anticipated as negative consequences will be transformed and ameliorated so that harmony comes.

God bless you and keep you upon this journey of love, of truth and light. May you come to see your way through all the lessons and tests and trials and tribulations that come with your life. In so doing, may you find your way into great light and joy, into the arms of God receiving His Love as a constant inflowing into your souls. We are with you always and you are never alone.

May God bless you, beloveds. May God bless you deeply within your souls. I am Seretta Kem. I am happy to speak to you today and I hope this answers your questions, beloved daughter. Though I have gone a rather circuitous route, indeed, it was a great opportunity to speak of lessons that are important in life. Those opportunities, we take as a gift and a possibility to inform your souls with greater wisdom and understanding. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you.
