---
title: "Gods Gift is to Open that Door for You"
menu_title: ""
description: "Gods Gift is to Open that Door for You"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Gods Gift is to Open that Door for You

July 17<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Lightbringers, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

Greetings to you, beloved souls, I am your Professor Salyards. I come once again to encourage you upon your efforts. I sense a bit of a waning of your momentum but indeed as everything on your earthly life, things wax and wane as time goes on. But you will gain the momentum again, and there will be great enthusiasm in your hearts and your souls and minds to carry on this work.

In time all who are upon this Divine Love path and are making efforts to bring the truth of God’s Love to others will join you in your efforts, for you will make the platform that you are building so inviting and so intriguing that many will want to join you. Of course, we in spirit will continue to influence many so that they will keep you in their minds and not forget the efforts that you are making and will see that to join you would be in their best interests and of course in the best interest of bringing the truth of God’s Love to the world. It is not that you carry the magic formula nor do you have all the answers, but it is your dedication and consistency, your efforts to reach out to many that will bring the response that you seek and that we seek in this integration of the many approaches into one body of effort that is united and coordinated.

I know some of you would be skeptical with that statement; you have seen the different political approaches and perspectives amongst even those who follow the Divine Love. But in time it will be the souls within these individuals who are continuing to grow in the Divine Love, and expand and release their need for power and control who will come with an eagerness in their hearts and love for each of you. They will see you as lights and as they are light bringers and so are you light bringers, is it not reasonable that you will walk together, bringing light to many? You will find your way. There will be pitfalls and you will trip at times. But you will bring yourself back to your feet and walk steadily in the direction that God is guiding you in. With the powerful touch of God upon you and  your angel friends and your own pure hearts and pure desires, how can you not attract many into the fold? Indeed, as you grow stronger and clearer in your efforts you will draw many who at this time do not consciously know the truth of Divine Love, but they will come to know it through your teaching, through your examples, through your efforts. They will come to see that there is something that intrigues their minds and brings a flutter to their hearts and souls. This is God's working, my friends, and God will continue to work through you all.

There is much change coming to your world and many challenges, but you will retain your ability to use these instruments of communication and you will be able to gather many souls upon these wires. We are working diligently to insure that they will be touched deeply as you make your efforts upon the wires.

The world will transition to something new as you well know. You will be ready  to truly make your stand in the light and be a true channel of God's Love. So much is coming that you cannot anticipate, yet events will unfold and conditions in your daily life will be challenged like never before, yet you will not carry fear. Rather, with the wisdom that you carry and the guidance that God gives, you will know deep in your heart that this is a journey that humanity is meant to take and that we are making great effort to insure that you are at the forefront of this journey, a beacon of light for many. Do not hesitate with your guidance. Do not release that steadfastness of your heart and soul and mind to bring the truth of God's Love to humanity. Indeed you will be inspired; many doors will open. As we have told you many times, God is guiding your efforts. We cannot interfere with your free will and you will make some missteps as I have said, but generally you are on the right track. You will find your way and those mistakes will be turned into virtuous wisdom and knowledge that will help you in the future. You are now coming to that place where the door, that great door where God communicating with you directly, is opening. Each of you are continuing to set aside the barriers to this. Each of you are gaining the faculties to understand this and to perceive it. As each one passes through that great door, you will help to lead others through the passageway that is within your soul to that wonderful portal of light and communication that comes when you are in alignment with God, that Divine Love is the key. As you continue to pray for it and receive it, so this door opens another crack, another inch. Soon you will recognize it and soon you will be eager to have this door opened. You must pray for this. As that door opens and you walk through, so the small dilemmas of your mind will melt away in the great Light of God's shining Soul upon you and you will come to know your own true soul as never before, my friends, as never before.

There will be no more confusion, no more second guessing. You will see you will have that great revelation and insight into God's plan that you long to know and to understand. Then things will become much easier for each of you, much clearer. It will not be an uphill struggle as it often feels now. Rather you will be at that peak looking in all directions and seeing the many possibilities that are in your life and are in your efforts together. And you, in wonderment, will know the direction you must take and the efforts that you must make. Beloved souls, God's gift is to open that door for you. Your gift to God is to walk through and be with Him. May you find your way. Our prayers are for this. Our efforts are to lead you to that point and once you have stepped through, indeed our collaboration will intensify and our communication will be much easier. You will understand with the eyes of your souls. You will come to truly know your Heavenly Father. This all comes with His Love. It will come in great waves of joy and revelation of light and upliftment, of healing and truth. Much is coming, my friends, much is coming.

May God bless you on this journey. Be of strong faith, deep conviction, and true to yourself as you walk towards God and God reaches with His mighty hand to embrace you and touch your soul so that it may be transformed in wondrous and magnificent ways. God bless you. I am your Professor, I continue to seek collaboration, to seek connection with you all that God's Love may dispel and disburse any barriers to this. God bless you, my friends. I am with you often as are many. God bless you. My love is with you. 
