---
title: "May You Truly Understand Your Journey"
menu_title: ""
description: "May You Truly Understand Your Journey"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# May You Truly Understand Your Journey

January 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2021

Lightbringers, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Matthew received by Al Fike

Beloved souls, how beautiful you all are! I am Matthew and I come to encourage each one of you as God's instruments of Light and Love in the world. Of course you will reflect your journey, your thinking, the ideas and beliefs that you carry in your life. This is inevitable. I would encourage you to accept one another in knowing that each individual perspective merely reflects those things of the mind but truly within your souls is a commonality of experience, of truth.

As we have said over and over again, we encourage you to go to your souls to find that truth within you, to live that truth through you, to awaken to all that is truth. Because of the limitations of your material world, you are within the structure of words and mindful belief which cannot be ignored nor can it be sidestepped in your work to reach others. Indeed the marriage of the mind and the soul will help diminish these challenges and bring greater harmony into the words that you share and the efforts that you make in order to help awaken humanity. The success of your ventures relies upon those individual efforts that you make to awaken your own souls. In tandem with this spiritual journey, you must apply what you know, the gifts that you have, the perceptions and the wisdom of the moment, not waiting until all is refined and clear and harmonious, for the world does not have this luxury of time. The world is in deep need of those who are willing to step forward and be a channel for God however imperfect you may be. The truth that you carry, the light within your soul, the understandings that you have are valuable and important. I wish to encourage each one of you to realize what you carry within you, the truth that is within your soul, and realize that many are bereft, many are hungry, many are confused, and many are curious. There should not be a concern for opening channels for the masses to understand this truth. These issues are not for you to be so concerned about. This is God's plan, beloved souls, and so it is for you to follow, to integrate your thoughts, your desires, your gifts and expressions with God's plan. I wish to say that often in the beginning of such ventures that is and will be many ideas and inspirations that come to the mind and a great eagerness to express these things, but that which comes initially is merely the mindful reflection of what the soul already knows. And so I would suggest that you give some time in contemplation, in prayer, so that you may listen more fully to your soul and in a way reign in your mind so that both of these elements within you may be integrated and do so with harmony and wisdom.

There is an old saying that the road to hell is paved with good intentions and indeed it is the truth that many who have had good intentions have fallen into darkness because they would not listen to their inner heartbeat, the inner truth of their soul, and to God's Will. I would not wish to see any of you fall into these human traps of illusion which is fueled by the enthusiasm of the mind and the ideas of the mind. Instead, you must pull together that truth within you, that solid ground of truth, and add into this the creative possibilities that your mind may come up with. Doing so with guidance, seeking God's guidance as you go, and in this way your plans will unfold in harmony and with great power and influence in the world. This is the difference in what you are aspiring to accomplish, that you are doing so with the awareness and knowledge that your souls are leading you forward and that through your souls God is leading your forward. And so the consciousness of the mind, the ideas and perspectives of the mind are not the primary factor in your efforts and expressions. Rather, it is the marriage of that which is both innovative and exciting, for to see a group of individuals who are most willing to do so. To put aside the biases of the mind, to put aside the fears that are often within the mind, and the needs and distorted perceptions of the mind, and go to one's soul seeking the strength and wisdom and love that is there as the primary motivation for your efforts,  brings us great joy and this is truly unique and innovative in its foundations. So I ask you to consider these things, to understand and discern the difference between the motivations of the mind and that of the soul for they are very different indeed. Your challenge is to integrate these things in a way that is true to the truth, that is true to your own being, that is true to God's Will.

My beloved and beautiful friends, you will find your way and we will assist you on that journey. You are deeply loved and powerfully guided and full of light, full of enthusiasm and love. So all of these beautiful lights, ingredients, aspects of your being will come together and be expressed in beautiful ways, ways that will draw many, ways that will be a part of God's plan to awaken humanity. Each of you will find your place within this great plan and in finding it you will know great joy and understand that there is a deep purpose within your soul. All comes in the flow of God's blessings and Will and efforts to bring you along the journey of your own soul's awakening and in so doing, that which you share, that which you express in the world will uplift and inspire others.

May you be truly blessed, beloved souls. May you truly understand the journey that you are on and come to recognize all the important elements of that journey, coming together in harmony, coming together in truth, coming together in love. God bless you, beloved souls. I am Matthew and my love is with you, truly with you. God bless you.
