---
title: "Pleased with Our Progress"
menu_title: ""
description: "Pleased with Our Progress"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Pleased with Our Progress

July 31<sup>st</sup>, 2021

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

It is good to see that there is peace amongst the children. I am Seretta Kem and I come to be with you today, beautiful souls all eager, dedicated, bright within. What a gift it is to we in the Celestial Kingdom to work with such beautiful souls. Each of you continue to work diligently to brighten your souls in the Father’s Love, to awaken yourselves to truth, to walk in the world as a channel of love and light. You are each a gift to the world because you have endeavored to go beyond the material concerns and imports that are so consuming to many upon your world. Those who are in deep poverty also long for the material and those who are in great wealth also long for greater material. It seems a never-ending cycle and desire for material gain and security and luxury in your world. This, as we have told you and well know, is killing this beautiful planet, this lustful desire that consumes so many.

Yet you walk upon your daily life with a different idea and priority of what is important and what is necessary to sustain you in life. With this attitude you can sustain a life that is in balance and harmony, not to a complete degree but certainly close enough, that there is light in your life and light within your soul. You are preparing yourselves for the next step upon your journeys. Each of you have an idea, a perception as to what that is, and yet I tell you my friends, that you do not know what that is. You cannot conceive of what the future will bring because the future is a fluid expression of life that comes each day, and the future accumulates with the events of each day. You may see the broad strokes and surmise as we do, the outcomes of humanity's expression upon the world, but the details are yet to be defined. We do not see and nor do you see exactly what is to come, although our vision is greater and our ability to surmise is greater because we see more deeply into the human psyche and the soul.

There are things that are inevitable, and we have told you of these things, and that we know that God has a plan and that He is bringing particular blessings and energies to the world, and we know that you have a deep desire to be a part of that plan and to walk in the world is God’s instruments. With all these elements in play, we are assured that our efforts together will have some results and will open some doors that are not readily opened. It requires your consistency, your dedication, and your persistence to be in the light always, to walk a different road from so many upon your world. I know for many of you there is a sense that you are isolated, that this difference is obvious to you, and that others do not truly understand your path and mission. Yet, with this price that you pay comes many blessings, the presence of your angel friends and the beautiful work that is laid before you, and the understandings, perceptions that come with a soul awakening.

You are the harbingers of truth. You have dedicated yourselves to bringing truth to the world, and your souls are deeply dedicated to God with a desire to serve God in whatever capacity and way and gift that God has given you. So, we work together. This great doorway has opened, this opportunity is given to work together, and it is the gift of the Father’s Love that has opened that door. The power of this love is immense and the more that you accumulate this great gift of Divine Love, the more you spend in prayer and dedication to God, so you prepare yourselves well for what is to come, and you build an immunity to the darkness and to those conditions that are coming that are and will be stressful for all of you. For the world that has been built by man is slowly crumbling and the world that God intends to flourish is emerging.

As you continue to align yourself with God, so you will be in greater alignment with God's plan, and you will see with the eyes of your soul that which your mind has difficulty comprehending. You will know with the mind of your soul those things that you require to know to move forward, not only with this venture which we share together today but with many avenues and ventures that God will lay before you. For the quickening of God's plan continues with each day and the quickening of your soul as you pray continues with each prayer. So, the acceleration of these efforts will bring you to experiences and awareness’s and a sense of connectedness with God that will intensify. This is your reward for your actions and your dedications. But where much is given, much is expected, and we do not take lightly our efforts and dedications regarding this venture, and we continue to encourage you to do the same. This will be a life-changing expression of your gifts, given that you are willing to step forward in the ways that we have prescribed and willingly embrace what is given by God and what is guided by God.

You are no longer children; you are coming to a state of maturity that is difficult to attain upon your earth plane. But again, I say that the power of Divine Love is great and has the capacity to change you all into what you are truly meant to be; into those souls that are in harmony with God, enveloped and infused with love, walking in the world in light. This I know you all deeply desire. The ambitions of the soul are in harmony with God’s Will. Do not let the ambitions of the mind interfere, but allow with faith, with a deep sense of reverie and peace, what it is that God wishes to give to you, to develop within you, to bless you with. This beautiful journey of soul awakening is a journey that you will teach the many, but first you must complete this journey as much as possible, in order to be that teacher, that healer, that comforter, that channel of love, clear and powerful and beautiful in the world.

It is not that we put pressure upon you, for pressure or a sense of obligation and stress will not lead you to the goals which we are laying before you. It is faith, beloved souls, it is faith that will bring you there. It is that inner assurance and peace and sense that you can certainly accomplish this that will bring you there. As you continue to ask God to heal you of those infirmities of the mind and the soul and to bring His Great Love in great abundance into you, so you will accomplish this goal. It is not difficult, it is eminently easy, for who does not enjoy sitting in prayer, being with God? Who does not desire this and who does not make the time required in order to be in alignment with God in prayer? This accomplishment of the soul cannot come in books, in words, in reading, even in discussion, it must come with your earnest desire in prayer. Yes, you may read, and you may discuss and you may speak many words, and this helps your mind, your material mind, to be assured and to be at rest, but this is not the key to the great invitation that is given; it is prayer, beloveds, it is prayer.

So, shall we be in prayer? I have certainly spoken enough at this time. Shall we open our souls to that great inflowing of God's Essence, inviting the Holy Spirit to touch each of you. Think of that time when the apostles were touched deeply by the Holy Spirit with the Pentecost, as it is called. Think of Jesus walking with God upon this Earth, seeking His guidance and manifesting the many blessings that have come through him. Think of the many spiritual teachers who have walked this Earth. You, beloved souls, may be one of those teachers that will help to change your world and bring it to greater love and harmony.

May we receive the gift dear God, the gift that we all long for, the gift that will save this world from its troubles and its heartaches and will save all of you from all those difficult times that you have experienced and will experience. For this is the way of the world. Shall we pray now, beloveds, and be in the great peace of God's Presence. God bless you. I am your Seretta Kem and my love is with you all. God bless you.
