---
title: "Focus on What is Required"
menu_title: ""
description: "Focus on What is Required"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Focus on What is Required

July 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2021

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

Your work is important, beloved souls. When you sit and pray as you do, you come together with intention and desire to serve God. You are bringing greater light to the world. When your hearts and souls and minds are set upon this goal so that we may come to teach your brothers and sisters in ways that they will listen and hear and acknowledge these truths, then you are doing God’s work.

So, you draw the angels into your midst, the bright spirits who come to assist you to accomplish this goal. Much activity, many blessings are a part of these times together and the times when you are praying for the awakening of your soul with the gift of the Father’s Love. Many, many blessings come to you, beloved souls. Much is coming to awaken you, to change you, to prepare you.

May you continue to build those fires within you which have a deep desire to serve God and to be in alignment with this gift and all gifts that are a blessing from God. Now is the time to focus upon your awakening, to be in alignment with your Heavenly Father, to walk upon this earthly plane as channels of light and love and truth. Search your hearts, beloved souls, and find that place within you where your deep commitment and desire resides and is truly part of your conscious effort.

It is time to put aside the distractions of the material world, all your daily concerns, that these things may become secondary. For you to do so, I would suggest that in your prayers that you ask God to uphold you and to uphold your loved ones, uphold this world so that you may find respite from your daily concerns and those things that you are so drawn and attached towards, to be free of these concerns. Even though you are engaged within your responsibilities in life, part of you, your soul and your consciousness, are less so. Then, God may work more fully through you and with you in the development of your gifts and your capacities to be God’s instruments.

This is part of your preparation and commitment, beloved souls, to walk with a detachment, a strength, a clear mind, and an intent soul so that you come into greater alignment with the work that we are doing together. You come into greater alignment with God’s plan for the salvation of humanity for what you do is surely a part of this plan. What you may accomplish will further the efforts to realize this plan.

This is not a casual venture, beloved souls. This is a venture that requires deep commitment and even sacrifice at times so that you may be in greater light and greater harmony, that your souls may continue to brighten with each day that comes. You have chosen this, beloved souls. God has chosen you. We, together, are a great force for the awakening of humanity. But indeed, we must be close, those of us in the Celestial Kingdom and you upon the Earth plane. This is not readily accomplished for we reside far away from these conditions. Yet, we make great effort and sacrifice to be close to you. We ask you, beloved souls, to make effort and sacrifice to be close to us.

Together our combined desire and prayerful efforts bring us close to God. This cannot be accomplished any other way for this form of gift requires great alignment. It requires the power of the Divine Love from God within your soul expressed overtly and clearly through you. It requires your focus and your dedication. These I know you have heard spoken of by others but I wish to come to assert and confirm the need for your efforts and commitment in this regard.

We may accomplish much. It is a desire within myself that I may manifest on the Earth in my spirit body so that others may see me and know me. When I do so, they will not doubt but be inspired. With great feeling and reverence of my presence and the presence of other angels who are known to you upon the Earth will cause humanity to question many things, will bring a focus to their minds as to what is required and what is necessary for them to be in alignment with truth and light.

So, we will make these efforts to inspire, to teach, to manifest, to bring the Light of God’s Love clear and pure and bright into this world and in a way that great compassion and love will be the foremost experience that your brothers and sisters will feel when these things become manifest in your world. They will then be in wonderment. They will then seek the answers. They will then be more open and receptive to what you have to say and the guidance that will come through each one of you for your brothers and sisters.

But before that time, there is much for us to do. We must coalesce into a great force that will accomplish these magnificent expressions and gifts in such a way that none can question or turn away but will find themselves engaged and truly come to know the truth of their existence, the truth of life upon this Earth, the power of that truth to transform the thinking of men and bring higher thoughts and levels of understanding to many.

Our task is formidable but indeed each of you are strong in the light, are strong in your personalities, in your souls, and within your minds. None of you carry the burden of doubt to such a degree that you nullify our efforts together. I encourage you to release any doubt, to truly know that you are a part of something magnificent and beautiful, that you are truly God’s children engaged in God’s work.

Nothing, no barriers will come in our way that cannot be surmounted. I urge you with each day to listen to your guidance, to pray for these efforts together, to pray for your own soul, to continue to be awakened and touched by God and His Love. Your preparation essentially is very simple and direct. I trust that none of you are confused or distracted, that you continue in these preparations with each day, committing time in prayer, entertaining thoughts of higher conditions, nurturing the desire for this gift to be true and manifest, and seeing within yourself the true potential and capacity to be a part of this, and in this recognition, that you feel a joy within your heart, a true desire to be a part of this and love for one another, beloved souls, love for your brothers and sisters who make this journey with you, who have committed as you have committed, who are a part of this as you are a part of this.

All are equal in this circle. All are equal. Together, you are truly a part of one another. As your love grows together, as you create a bond that is so strong and powerful, you will carry the consciousness and the awareness of one another with each day, a true sense that you belong and are a part of one another. The power of this bond will go far in our efforts to develop this gift. It is the power of love that fuels all of these efforts. I urge you to put aside any judgments towards one another.

I urge you to continue to forge ahead with your plans to be together on the prescribed dates. Do not let any obstruction hold you in the fulfillment of this plan and effort. If you have resistance to something, put that aside. Feel the flow and power of God’s Will guiding you forward. Do not allow your minds to obstruct this with ideas and biases that hold you from your efforts to come together and to work together. Be true to your own soul. May you have the discernment to know the difference between that commitment to your soul and your soul’s knowing and that of your mind and your mind’s reckoning for it is the power of your soul which we engage and which is crucial to these efforts. It is the development of your soul consciousness that will go a long way to accomplishing these goals.

Your minds may have many ideas and perspectives that bring you to a place, a set of ideas and perspectives that are not in harmony with what your souls know to be true. Be true to your souls, beloveds. Be true to your souls. Know that in this great challenge to be true to your souls that you will find your way to fulfill all that is and can be in the body of God’s Will and the flow of His plan. We will leave nothing to chance, beloved souls. Our desire is that you also will leave nothing to chance but be firm upon your path, to reconcile your awareness and consciousness with that of your soul, and be in alignment with this as powerfully as you can be so that all may flow and unfold in harmony.

Do not let the conditions of your world inhibit your efforts for as you know, and many of you have experienced in your life, that the dark forces of your world will try to undo your resolve and sow doubts within your mind and create impediments to your intentions. As you commit to such an effort of light, know that the efforts of these dark forces intensify and challenge your efforts. Be vigilant in prayer. Continue to ask God to put His Light and cloak of protection around you. Do not allow your thoughts to entertain negativity. Live the Truth of God’s Love. Express this with every moment for if you are able to do this, then the efforts that we will make together will be readily accomplished.

We are prepared. We have great capacities and abilities to bring this gift forward within you but we need those who are worthy in light, in harmony and truth, for we will not waste our efforts upon those who are wayward and who carry ambitions and ideas that are contrary to God’s Will. So, I urge you to look within your hearts and souls, to affirm your commitment, your desires, and your alignment with God for without this firm foundation, how can we move forward in this light, in this effort?

We ask much of you, beloved souls, but you ask much of us and much of God. Provided we are all in unison in our desire to work together in harmony, in upliftment, in light, in joy and love, then we may accomplish much and indeed, become a formidable force for truth and light in the world.

You are loved, greatly, truly, powerfully. All that is required for this gift to be accomplished and manifest is at your fingertips, beloveds. It is only that you, through this earthly condition, this human condition, that you wade through with each day, continue to struggle, continue to engage within that which is not wholly of God and purely of light. This we understand, beloved souls. This we know. We see your struggles but we are willing to uplift you and uphold you.

God’s great blessings upon you continue to flow. You are a part of something unique and wondrous. Claim your place within this Circle of Light. Do so by your firm commitment, by your actions and your thoughts and your prayers. Do so by your commitment to one another. Do so by your commitment to God. We will together work for the salvation of humanity in these crucial times where much must change and be healed and rectified in truth.

You are precious to us. Our commitment to you is complete and unalterable. God’s Love for you never wanes but is fully within your grasp. Make your love for one another and for yourselves a reflection of this. So, we will journey together upon a magnificent path filled with many blessings, filled with many possibilities, opening doors unimaginable, awakening those things within yourself that you do not see at this time but will open and become clear. In this, you will know great joy and great peace. You will see your destiny unfold before you, beloved souls, unfold in their unique and wondrous paths which God has established for each of you. In this, wonders and miracles will manifest and be a part of your daily life as God’s clear and true and powerful instruments of love, channels of light and love, lights within the world leading others from their pain and their darkness, their ignorance and their fear into the light of liberation and awakening and peace and great joy. What more could you do in life, beloved souls, than this, this great calling from God to help liberate His children from the tyrannies of their own making, to help show the way, to be free and awakened and alive in love and joy?

May God bless you on this journey, beloved souls. I am your brother and friend. I too work with you to bring you into greater light and truth. My love for you is great as I see the wonderment that is God’s creation within each one of you and the great potentials that lie within waiting to be awakened and liberated in love. God bless you, beloved souls. God bless you. I love you. God bless you. 
