---
title: "Within the Recesses of Your Soul is the Capacity to be in Unity Together"
menu_title: ""
description: "Within the Recesses of Your Soul is the Capacity to be in Unity Together"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Within the Recesses of Your Soul is the Capacity to be in Unity Together

July 10<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

May Love continue to awaken you. May your hearts continue to glow with His Love and that Love expressed in the world through you. I am Seretta Kem. I am happy to be with you today as you pray to develop the gift of what you call Direct Voice.

And I wish to extend my congratulations to our dear daughter who continues to grow in the light of God's Love and continues in her youthful pursuit of life. May she be present upon the Earth plane for many more years indeed, for we need souls such as her to work and bring light and truth and love to this world of yours.

As we gaze upon you, beloved souls, and see that each of you, for the most part, inhabit this world through your mind’s responses and reality. Each individual sees the world somewhat different and therefore they are subject to their perceptions and ideas and sense of how things are in the world. Because of this, it is difficult to have unity amongst you as a group, as it would be for any group upon this world. This is why we continue to encourage you to awaken your souls because within the recesses of your soul is the capacity to be in unity together, to see the world from one vision, one perspective. Unfortunately this is not possible with your mindful condition and perspective. But because the soul is connected with God and the soul is awakened with God's Love, the possibility of unified vision and collective harmony is possible within this group. With this will come great strength, power of light and love, to bring about the manifestations that you so seek amongst yourselves and through each of you. So we come to the central theme and are urging you to continue to pray for the gift of Divine Love, that without this gift and these blessings within your soul, we cannot possibly achieve our goal.

So each day is an opportunity to open yourself to God, to inch a little closer to this reality, the reality of the soul, and that the reality of the mind may be less potent and established in your daily consciousness. I'm not saying that through your efforts that you will lose your mind and that it will not function for you in the ways that are necessary in order to live upon your Earth plane. Rather, this perspective and the necessity of these aspects in mind will be overshadowed by the perceptions of the soul and the condition of the soul. You will find yourself seeing the events of your life from two perspectives. Eventually this double vision, as you might call it, will meld into one and there will be a great harmony within you, great wisdom, understanding, a great capacity to love yourself and your brothers and sisters and God. We have told you this many times, that this possibility exists as you walk upon the Earth. This great gift of Love, the transformation of it within you, the expression of it through you is truly your goal and focus at this time.

Yes, we will make efforts to prepare you for what will be photoplasmic manifestation. This does require some preparation, but I do not bring you to a place of concern or worry or even focus upon these efforts, for we will do so as you are in alignment with God. It will be our task to prepare your bodies and your minds for this expression, this manifestation. In fact, this instrument saw us using various instruments in order to establish what is required within the physical body in order to have this blessing manifest, and his vision was accurate as to what this was, and we will urge him to share with you that vision.

There are many things that are coming that will be utilized, that will be opened, that will be a gift and a blessing to each of you. Prayer is the foundation of this preparation. Having your thoughts at a high and loving level of consciousness is important. Being in the light at all times, bringing yourself to God in supplication and prayer that you might live your life with humility and grace, beauty and love, these things must be truly a part of yourself, even within your mind, beloved souls, for it is your mind that often blocks the manifestation of these things that are truly embedded within your soul.

The alignment between mind and soul is a great challenge for anyone upon your Earth but it is not impossible nor is it particularly difficult. But, as with many things upon your Earth plane, it requires a certain amount of application and discipline to align your mind with your soul, to keep yourself in that place of higher awareness, expression, and thought. It is important that you step aside from those timeworn conditions that each of you carry. I know this is not easy to do because these things are powerfully embedded within your consciousness, but you are each receiving assistance in helping you to understand and to be aware of what you would call subconscious thought, but really is thought that continues to play through your mind in a looped pattern that continues to govern your consciousness, your decision-making, your perceptions, your fears, your judgement, and all of those human things that you carry within yourself.

Please be aware that the time has come for you to release this background of irrelevant thought, of thought that is fabricated by a mind stimulated by various activities and experiences through the years of your life. Indeed, your soul is stronger. Your soul can dominate and bring that higher consciousness that is required into a conscious expression of self. Be aware of this, my beloved and beautiful friends, that your responsibility now is to tackle this great impediment to our work that is the mind that is controlled by the earthly conditions and thought patterns so prevalent and so well embedded within you.

Yes, you indeed must work diligently, but we have made great effort to lay out the prospects and requirements for the success of this mutual venture. You have, within your hearts and your souls and your minds, made a deep commitment to be engaged in this wonderful project. We have not hidden anything from you. We are not suggesting that you are unworthy or incapable or that you are imprisoned within these conditions. This is far from the truth. But in order to be released from these conditions, you must make a concerted effort. That effort involves prayer and it involves self-awareness of those patterns.

Indeed through prayer, you may ask for our assistance and God's blessing for the strength, the power, the love and the compassion that is needed for you to release these things within you. So many upon your Earth plane are unaware of these things within them and go about their daily life expressing and reinforcing these patterns in an unconscious way. We are urging you towards consciousness, self-awareness, self-love, self-discipline and truthfulness of your own true condition. Compassion is an important part of this, for none of you are free from the human condition. None of you are perfectly aligned with all that is in alignment with the truth of God's Love. But indeed, how many in your world are making such a concerted effort to establish this alignment, to be truly within the great truth of God's Love and in alignment with God, your Heavenly Father, the source of all love.

So my eager souls, my beautiful friends, those who endure the struggles, are strong enough and committed enough to walk upon this path towards true life and love and harmony, you are uplifted, surrounded, protected. You are given all that is required to accomplish your goal. We are there every moment of your life. You are surrounded by your angel friends and these great spirits who are all too eager to help you to ascend to a lighter condition and place of harmony and truth. We will not burden you with our expectations and desires for the fulfillment of this path. But indeed we must tell you of these things so that you are aware and can make concerted effort to bring greater harmony to yourself.

We cannot circumvent your free will as you well know, but we must encourage you to utilize this gift of free will that God has given you in order to reclaim light within you in all areas and aspects of yourself. Do not hide away from those dark corners within you, but enter them with compassion and love, knowing that as a human upon the earthly plane, your own mortality is cloaked with these human conditions, your mind is infested with thoughts that are of error, and expressions of these thoughts that are not in harmony with love.

It is easier for you to see this in another, I know, but indeed you must have the bravery, the strength to look within yourself, not with judgment, not with frustration, not with shock or anger, but with compassion and love, for you carry that injured child within you that had not the power to control the experience in life. Indeed, you must have great compassion for that part of you that has been injured and violated. It is important to walk this path of love fully, to acknowledge that you are indeed a child of God and to nurture and express and reinforce all the truth and loving capacities and soulful beauty that is within you, to step aside from those dark places and ask God to heal them in His loving Touch upon you. Indeed, as God heals these places, they will come up to your consciousness. You must release them, not hold them, not see them as a child within you that you must embrace and nurture in a way that you cling on to these conditions. Rather, that part of you that is your soul, with the wisdom, strength and compassion of your soul to release this injured child to God and to say, *Dear Heavenly Father, heal me, make me whole in your Love, allow me to live in light and to express all the goodness and wonderment that You have created that is myself*, saying this prayer in compassion for yourself and in deep desire for God’s healing.

So this will come and you will see this child transformed before your eyes, and great joy will come to you, beloved souls, great joy in seeing yourself in the light and love that God sees you and expressing yourself in this way. As each of you comes to this in your own unique journey, so the unity, the great love, the great awareness, the great expression of light that is your soul will unify you as you could not think possible and you will be together in this world as true brothers and sisters. We pray for this day. We await this day, and we know this day will come. It is for you and the exercise of your free will that will determine the timing, how close you may come to this state of integration and unity and love together. We are with you. We truly walk with you and we will help you with every breath, provided you are open and willing.

So we all embark upon a tremendous journey of awakening and healing and love. May God bless you on that journey, beloved souls. May you truly come to know yourself and love yourself and be in alignment with God so that that love is reinforced and grows exponentially as you receive the Father’s great gift His Love. God bless you, beloved souls. I am Seretta Kem and I am happy to be with you today in your great efforts, in the celebration of our dear and beloved daughter, and in all things that are of love. God bless you, beloved souls, God bless you.
