---
title: "Be Channels of God's Love Always"
menu_title: ""
description: "Be Channels of God's Love Always"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Be Channels of God's Love Always

April 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2021

Lightbringers, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

Good evening, my beloved friends. It is Professor Salyards come once again to speak to you about your efforts, our mutual efforts to bring the truth of Divine Love to this world of yours, this world so in need of truth, of how to find their way to truth, of how to enact truth in their lives. Indeed, we are working very hard to interconnect the various souls whom we have come into contact with upon your earth plane who are seeking, who desire within their souls that great inflowing of God's Love though often they do not have  within their minds a clear understanding of that desire.

So much is waiting upon your efforts and the fulfillment of your plan to bring this information forward in the world. When you do so, I would urge you to expect a substantial response that will come in fits and starts but indeed the flow will begin and as individuals find these truths through your efforts, so it will be transferred one to another and others will come. This old phrase of 'word of mouth' is very important here, that indeed when others have come into contact with what you are doing, expressed as God's instruments, then they will indeed share their experiences, the insights, and the connections that they have made to what will undoubtedly be a very loving group of individuals. So it is understandable it will take time to establish yourselves. But indeed the momentum is already there as we have worked diligently to establish connections, soul to soul, and then in accordance to the free will of each individual whom we are guiding, they will in time forge these connections with you and with your efforts. Indeed within a year, possibly two, you will be a going concern, my friends, and you will have what you require to open up your efforts to the world in a way that will bring a wide audience and will elicit curiosity from many individuals.

I know from the perspective of we in the Celestial kingdom, time is of a different pace and quality than what you perceive and experience on the earth plane. So soon for us could be a month for you, maybe even years. But I want to assure you that these things will happen very soon and it at this time depends upon your diligence and the efficiency of your work so that all may unfold step by step and that you will open the door, the floodgates for others to come and appreciate and step within this light-filled room full of truth, blessings, joy, warmth and love. This is what you create, my friends, a wondrous arena that will help to awaken many, both on my side of life and yours.

So many will come and the word will spread and you will find yourselves in time inundated by the curious voices of your brothers and sisters who within them and within all the children of your world have a stirring. A desire is forming and building within them for something more than what they have at present, something deeper to satisfy the thirst of the soul, something more substantial that will satisfy the curiosity of the mind, something with joy, something with heartfelt acknowledgement of one another as brothers and sisters, a community of love, acknowledgement and truth, that looks towards your Heavenly Father and says *"Dear beloved God, our Creator, we come together so that we may march forward supporting one another in this pursuit of knowledge, of truth, of soul fulfillment and soul awakening, that love may indeed be a powerful and truly dynamic part of our lives informing our thoughts and our actions, transforming our souls and bringing forth deep perceptions and awarenesses of Your creation, dear God, which are not available to us yet but we know as we commit ourselves in prayer to You, opening our souls to Your great blessing of Divine Love, these things will come and flow and immerse us in truth and light and love."*

These things are what many seek after but know not how to attain and know what it is that is such a yearning within them. You will give them the answers, beloved souls, you will show them the way, the open the door and say, *"This is free for all, this great truth is given in love that you may awaken with us without any price that must be paid, any commitment that you must lay down before us. No, beloved souls, it is the commitment to God, the commitment from your soul to God's great Soul. This is all that is required, nothing more. Nothing more is asked of you and all is given freely and blessed abundantly."*

May God bless all those seeking souls out there in the world, So many, so very many who are bereft of a soul that has found its way to its Creator, so many in need of your efforts and so many who will benefit from them. So it unfolds, so it unfolds in all its beauty and intricacy and flow and love. Be channels of God's Love always. Think of this as the foundation of each and every effort, each and every intention--to be a channel of God's Love and to enact the plan that God has for the salvation of humanity. In this way all that is needed, all that is required, all that can be offered will flow in harmony with God's Will.

God bless you, my friends, I am your Professor Salyards and I come once again to speak words of encouragement and love and appreciation for your efforts. God bless you, my beloved friends. May God continue to implant His wisdom and Love and guidance within each one of you so that this may trickle forth up into your minds and you may have those moments of revelation, of joy, of knowing that will sweep aside all doubts or confusion or misunderstandings and bring truth clear and pure like the most wonderful waters that may satiate your thirst and come to a place of peace and knowing and strength and clarity. That love will be the mantle upon you and joy will shine through your eyes and warmth will exude from your embrace and the children, your brothers and sisters, will be drawn to what must be a place of refuge and sanctuary and light in the world.

God bless you, my beloved friends. I am with you often as you well know, I am with you often. God bless you and keep you in His Love. God bless you and keep you in His Light. God bless you and keep you in His protection. God bless you and may you be within the peace that passes all understanding. In this way you become the example, the teacher, the healer, the light in the world. Thank you, beloveds. I will come again and again to help you see beyond the veil of your mindful perspective to that of a soul acknowledging their destiny and opening to the gifts that come with a soul awakened by the Essence of God. God bless you. God bless you, beloveds.
