---
title: "Two Steps Forward One Step Back"
menu_title: ""
description: "Two Steps Forward One Step Back"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Two Steps Forward One Step Back

December 28<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Direct Voice, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

We have been working on each of you on your physical and spirit bodies, helping you to clear conditions that have accumulated over these past few days and weeks from your celebrations on the earthly plane and the distractions and conditions that often come with this. Your world is often two steps forward and one back. We patiently continue to support you and uphold you, my friends, to help you come to that place of light and clarity, of peace and alignment. We know that it is difficult on your earthly plane to be consistent in your efforts and to walk a road that is forever moving forward.

The nature of humanity is not that of constant progress or consistent progress. Rather, there is an unevenness to this road and pace. Indeed, in time, you will continue to make that progress, to move forward, and to do so in harmony with all that is around you and within you. You have a remarkable amount of support and love and light surrounding you, my dear and beloved friends.

Be sure to utilize what is given. Be sure to go to God when those moments come to you of quietness and reflection. Send your prayers to your Heavenly Father. Send your desires of the highest, soulful nature to God. In this way, you will open the channels and the opportunities for God to send His blessings and for His angels and others to come close and assist you on the road.

Yes, there are challenges in life. There will always be. Our hope is that as you continue to progress and strengthen, those conditions that often set you back will no longer affect you as they do. You may walk in greater light and strength, harmony and love. It is always a choice. It is always an opportunity to choose the high road, to be in harmony with all that God has to offer you, with all that is within you, the desires to be in alignment with God.

The mind continues to choose for you at times, in a way that is not in harmony or in alignment. We do not judge you for this, we only see that indeed on your earthly plane, it is a great challenge to go beyond the material demands and conditions to that of the spiritual. It has always been thus. Yet, you are all making progress and continue to make your way closer to God, step-by-step.

You will find your way. That way at times will be easy and flow beautifully. You will feel as if God is carrying you and that the burdens of the earthly life have fallen away. At other times, those burdens reappear and you struggle somewhat. But those times are becoming less and less. The times of light are greater than they were. So, you continue on this journey, my friends, this beautiful journey of a soul awakening, flowering in the great and beautiful Light of God’s Love.

We are with you, never to leave, always to come close when it is possible. You have a deep desire to reach for the highest. That reaching and struggling and straining only strengthens you, my friends, and helps you to recognize those conditions which need to be released and those attitudes that often bring you away from light. It is always your responsibility to choose the light or not. We cannot choose for you. It is for you to choose. So, you do often choose light and at times you do not. You are still human. But indeed, you are growing stronger and in greater light. So, you will continue to choose light more frequently and release those conditions of darkness that at times trip you upon the path.

Beloved souls, know that you are loved, nurtured, and cared for, that God’s Love for you is immense, that you are not forsaken nor forgotten. But indeed, any opportunity that is available to us and to your angel friends is utilized for your benefit. May you see this clearly and choose this often and consistently. We are with you, beloved souls. May God bless you, my friends.

I am Orion. My love for you is great. I have compassion for your struggles. You are indeed strong. You are indeed lights and will continue to shine bright and ever brighter upon the path of love. Blessings to you. Love to you, beautiful souls, God’s children all. God bless you.
