---
title: "Our Stellar Friends are continuing their ministrations"
menu_title: ""
description: "Our Stellar Friends are continuing their ministrations"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Our Stellar Friends are continuing their ministrations

October 19<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Orion Project, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

I bring blessings of love. Continue to awaken your souls. My friends, I am Orion and I come to once again encourage you in your efforts, your awakenings, and your part that you play in the transformation of your world. We are all God’s instruments in this great effort. We continue to walk this path together. No matter whether we are of this Earth or not, we are all part of the great evolution of the souls of God’s creation, ever forward in love and light, in truth, and expression that is in harmony with God’s Will and God’s plan for the universe.

You continue to add to this great tapestry of light that has been created upon your world for it is your prayers, your thoughts, and your intentions that will bring a strength, a complexity, a beauty to this tapestry. Allow yourselves to walk in the flow, in the guided intentions of what is meant to be upon your world and is just beginning to awaken. You are close to the center of this awakening. You are part of what is awakening at this time. You will add your prayers, and yourself to what will become a great wave of change and awakening with the human race. You add to the great beacon that has been established upon your Earth, that calls the higher spirits and individuals of the earthly planes to you. You now are embarked upon a very powerful trajectory towards the intended awakening of this world.

May you continue to keep within your consciousness, your prayers, and your intentions what is intended with this collaboration, this beautiful intermingling of souls interconnected by gifts and blessings and efforts that have been made to enhance and further connect you one to another and with you and ourselves and your angel friends.

We have not finished our ministrations upon you, my dear and beautiful souls, and will continue to do so as you pray together and singly, as you continue to contemplate and integrate that which has taken place, and what is coming and will take place in the future. Open yourselves to these things. Do not allow yourselves to fall back into old conditions, patterns, behaviours that are not conducive to this great shift of consciousness within you, this blossoming of love that will come forth from your souls. That all levels of your being, whether that be physical, emotional, spiritual, soulful, mindful, are slowly integrating together into a unity so that you may indeed become powerful and beautiful lights in the world.

May each day bring you further along the path toward this inevitable integration within you. May you continue to feed upon the great succor for the soul, that is God’s Essence given freely as God continues to nurture you and bring you to that place of strength, of maturity, opening the many and varied aspects of your soul, the faculties of your mind and soul, the gifts that are awakening as God nurtures them and brings them awake.

We continue to work with you on a daily basis, my friends, as do many beautiful angels and bright spirits. A great effort continues to be made on your behalf to assist you in your own desire and effort to awaken and be in harmony with the flow that is intended, the plan that God has for this world. You are becoming Harbingers of truth, bringers of light, beautiful souls who are now beginning to awaken to their potentials, to the truth and power of love, we continue upon this path together.

May our unity and singleness of desire and purpose continue to strengthen. May you continue to awaken to those other parts of yourself that bring you upon that path less travelled in the world. Yet, this path and this way needs to be shown to your brothers and sisters for it is in this path that salvation of this world, salvation of all will be realized.

Thank you, my friends, for walking this path, for opening the door to those like myself and others who are eager to assist humanity so that it may grow and evolve into their true selves and true potentials. Our love for you is great as is our acknowledgement and we wish to strengthen this collaboration. We wish to work together in unity and harmony.

God bless you, my friends, my beautiful friends, who are eager to break free from those things and conditions and thoughts that hold them back from true awakening and being in light and love. God bless you, my friends. Our love is with you always. God bless you. I am Orion. God bless you.
