---
title: "The Challenges of Being Soulful in a Mindful World"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Challenges of Being Soulful in a Mindful World"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Challenges of Being Soulful in a Mindful World

March 27<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Lightbringers, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

I am your Professor Salyards and I am pleased to be with you today. Indeed, upon looking at these symbols that you have shown it is interesting that this interpretation reflects very much the conditions in the world and how so many do not understand that which you wish to convey. They project upon your words the symbols and meanings of their religious life, or at least what they think is stereotypical of a religious life.

It is for you to convey something different, something that indeed inspires people to put aside this delineation between religious thought and action and one's everyday life so that these things, that of the soul and of the mind in relationship with God and with the life that God has created for each one of you, may come together in a harmonious integration, a seamless flow of understanding, of experience, of truth. For this is what you are truly offering to your brothers and sisters, not another religion, not another way of interpreting biblical thought or ideas that come from man's interpretation which are based upon mindful considerations of that which is of the soul and of God. Rather it is to step beyond these limitations of thought to that place where the soul is freed from the mind's domination and spiritual concepts and social bearings in which these ideas are pigeonholed and are constricted by words and by expectations which wholly reflect the human condition.

Our goal and I know it is your goal, my beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters, is to liberate humanity from these restrictions and constrictions of thought, to come to God with deep feeling and to experience with deep knowing God's response of Love. Words are not the focus, the teachings even of the Divine Love path are not the main catalyst that will bring souls to God. It is merely a dim reflection of the truth and the power of this experience with God, this opening of the soul awakening to the wonderment and this unique flowering of love, of joy, of awakening, and of knowing that comes with the great gift of God's Love to the soul.

Yes, upon your earth plane it is a common consideration for individuals to seek truth through words and through research, through reading, through coming upon various passages and ideas and conjecture regarding spiritual thought and awakening. The difference that you will demonstrate, my beloved friends, is that you will offer an open door to this experience for others. You will be used as a catalyst to bring this experience in prayer as you come together in Circles of Light. As those individual seeking souls are urged to put aside their mindful considerations and open their hearts to God, so the understanding, the powerful understanding, of the individual's experience will predicate any teaching and words that may come to explain in whatever fashion is necessary that experience and that brief awakening and glimpse into the soul's relationship with God and with truth.

So much is dependent upon your efforts to be clear of these mindful considerations, this standard approach to teaching spiritual truth. You have a great uphill battle in this regard. So many in your world are trained and come to expect a detailed and logical explanation so that they may feel comfortable to open themselves up to this experience. It is your challenge to gain the trust of those individuals and say "Put this aside, do not worry about these explanations for now. Rather, come to God with us in this great pool of light that is God's presence and blessings pouring upon those who come in prayer." If you can bring that individual to this place, even trusting a little bit, even coming a little closer, even setting aside their fears and reluctance somewhat so that a crack in their armor is opened and light may stream in, then you will have done your job. You will have brought another soul to God truly and have contradicted and confounded all the religions of the world which are so dependent upon the scripture, the word, the conditions and edicts and thoughtful considerations that religion places upon humanity so that they feel they must learn these scriptures and ideas before they are worthy. This is a great disservice to the soul. The soul is always worthy of the Touch of God. The soul who can liberate themselves from this tangled world of words and of ideas, of mindful considerations, has found a measure of freedom and will find a measure of truth. It is for you to lead the way, my beloved friends, to see clearly for yourselves that the great folly of mankind has been to structure his world as a reflection of his mindful perceptions. Indeed, in this way in regards to true spirituality, they miss the point and they miss the mark. And it is for you to redirect them in their consciousness, in their willingness to be present and open for the moment of prayer and supplication and liberation and joy, fulfillment, and of course, love.

That experience is the key that will open up the doors not only for yourselves, my beloved brothers and sisters, but for humanity. You indeed understand this door, its location, its meaning, its purpose. We wish for you to express this in all that you do and all that you are as a group of earnest souls seeking to serve God and seeking to be in the light of truth. May you truly come to understand that those structures and ideas that you have created within your mind are not the tools by which you will bring your brothers and sisters to God. As I have said before, they merely decorate the entrance way.

You must come wholeheartedly, full of joy and enthusiasm and desire to be with your Heavenly Father, to recognize this great and beautiful blessing and gift that is given to humanity, the great boon for the soul that will nourish all things that are of truth and are of great and deep meaning and will give great purpose to your life, great understanding of why and how and where you must go to be God's children truly, his instruments of love and light. So it will be, my friends, so it will be. And so you must be in harmony with God's Will and truly knowing what that is, truly knowing your own soul and expressing it with the purity and grace and beauty that comes with God's Touch upon your soul.

We continue to journey together, my beautiful friends. I am happy that you discuss these things. I am happy that you are willing to listen to the words of the angels who are earnestly trying to bring you to that place of pure understanding where you are empowered by truth and in that empowerment you are able to lead your brothers and sisters towards it. Much is coming for each one of you. Continue to be open, to put aside your expectations and to open your hearts to the great Touch and Love of God. In this way all inspiration will come, all truth will be powerfully understood and powerfully acted upon in all of your endeavors and every moment of your lives. There is so much for all of us to do, my friends, so much for all of us to travel towards and to discover and awaken and know with the great joy of a soul who is with God and in harmony with God's Will.

God bless you, beloved souls, I am your Professor Salyards. I am happy to speak with you today on these matters. They are very important and without taking into consideration these aspects and factors of your journey of soul awakening, you will not be able to truly follow through with your intentions and desires to teach your brothers and sisters the truths of God's Love. And yet there is nothing that stands in your way other than your minds and your expectations that are embedded within your minds for your souls truly know and your soul will truly find its way upon the path that God has designated for each of you and is bringing you along this beautiful light-filled path towards greater truth and understanding, towards greater love and joy. It all unfolds, beloved souls. Have faith that it will indeed unfold in short order. God bless you, my friends. God bless you deeply with His Love and keep you upon this path that God has given for you to tread in light. God bless you, my love is with you. God bless you.
