---
title: "We Are Together in This Great Circle of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "We Are Together in This Great Circle of Light"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# We Are Together in This Great Circle of Light

July 20<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

I come to speak with you, I am Mary. May the blessing of His Love caress your souls and bring you into that great light that is God's presence and blessings upon you.

So many in the world long for peace and yet they cannot find peace. So many in the world desire harmony yet they cannot find harmony. So many in your world have the highest intentions for their brothers and sisters and yet they cannot find an avenue and way to express their desires to uplift humanity. It is often because they do not know their Heavenly Father, they do not truly know how to access and connect with God. And you have the key, beloved souls, you have the key. The simple yet most powerful prayer to long for the great gift of God's Love, His Essence flowing into your soul, this opens the door, this allows God to enter freely that His Holy Spirit may touch your soul, that His beautiful touch may be exemplified through you and, through you, may this touch uplift others and show them the way to His Love.

My love for each of you is great. My love for every child upon this earth is great. We continue to work with you to uplift humanity and so we do with every prayer you make together and every prayer you make that is sent to God. As you continue to gather His Essence within your soul, so the power of your prayers are multiplied and the beauty of your light is intensified and the wonderment of your soul is awakened.

So much is given with a simple prayer and desire. We who pray with you continue to hear God's guidance that is directed towards this earth of yours, and we respond in love in our deep desire to serve, our deep desire that humanity is uplifted and healed and awakened in love. So we are together in this great circle of light, and this circle grows in light, becomes more powerful in light and can be used in many ways to bless the children of your world, to bless the very substance of your world and all who dwell upon it. May this blessing continue to awaken each one of you and make you those great beacons of light that will help to heal your world, help to heal the lost souls, help to uplift and to bring truth to many.

We are with you, beloveds, we are with you and my love is with you. May each of you feel my love and with my love, may you feel God's Love and the love of the Angels and your love for one another and for this world and for this life of yours. May you know love, beloveds. May you know love and know the peace, the joy, the upliftment that comes with knowing the great Love of God. I am with you, beloved souls, my children, my children, I am with you and your children and your children's children. I am with them, I gather them with love. I touch them with love and peace to bring comfort, to bring comfort to many. Beloved souls, I love you and I am with you. God bless you. God bless you deeply.
