---
title: "My Commitment To You Is Absolute"
menu_title: ""
description: "My Commitment To You Is Absolute"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# My Commitment To You Is Absolute

April 10<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Lightbringers, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Matthew received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved souls, I am Matthew. May God continue to support His children as He has done for millennia. He has supported His children of Light, upheld and uplifted, ensured that they may indeed walk this path of life under the protection and blessings of God. And so it shall be with you, my beloved friends. You will be guided, uplifted and supported.

The doors will open with each effort that is indeed in alignment with God's Will and that you shall walk through with ease. You will find your way beyond the dilemmas of your mind to the knowings of your soul that will carry you and strengthen you upon this path of service, of love, of awakening to God's Will ever more fully within your souls.

In fact, little is left to chance, beloved souls. It is for you to be patient, to persevere, to be consistent in your prayers, to have a firm foundation of faith, faith in God's Will acting through your lives. In this way all that is meant to be will indeed manifest and unfold in the timing and graciousness of God's blessing upon it and desire to see it manifest in the world.

We are all instruments of God. It is our responsibility to seek out within us, within our souls, the truth of the matter, to know what is indeed in harmony, to have the strength and discernment to walk this path in harmony with God's Will and God's Hand upon you. This is not difficult to do, but I urge you not to be too distracted by the pressures and pulls of the material life and those aspects of it that you feel you must attend to in regards to this work. Indeed these things must be attended to but the intensity in which this may be done is regulated by your mind and your desire and at times your concerns and your fears in regards to doing this work in the way that is properly attended to and conforms with the strictures of society. Know that when you are in the flow of God's Will that these things come readily and easily and that the support that your require in order for these things to come to be will be offered as God inspires others to move forward in support and love to your efforts.

When you feel you are at a roadblock, when you feel that things are not moving as you anticipate, go to prayer. Seek God's guidance, seek God's blessings upon any particular issue and you may articulate these things to God. Lay this fleece before the Lord and see if God will bless your efforts. In this way you will know that you are upon the right path and upon the right direction, for it is easy to be distracted and allow your mind to take precedence and all those patterns and conditions of your mind to dominate these efforts which are indeed God-guided and blessed. This is always a challenge and it always has been a challenge for humanity to put aside their mindful considerations, desires and drives, and allow the soul infused with God's Love to step forward and guide your efforts with the sensibilities, the knowledge, the wisdom and the joy that comes with love. What you do is a dedication of love, a dedication of love towards your brothers and sisters. Always keep this in mind, that whatever you do may be an expression of love primarily and all else will fall into place if this is indeed your motivation so that love is indeed the cornerstone of all that you do. You all have good minds, capable of intellectual reasoning, linear deduction, putting together pieces of a puzzle in order to solve one dilemma or another. And yet it is the unfolding of a new way, the dawning of a new beginning, the expression of a soulful yearning to serve God that will be the foundation for your work. Indeed each of you is earnest and tries diligently to follow the Will of God, to acknowledge the deeper and more powerful capacities of your soul. This we continue to support you in and this we continue to encourage you to make headway, to prepare yourselves daily for the journey and for the expressions of your soul's capacities blessed by God, awakened by Love.

And so you come to this crossroad daily. You come to this challenge with each moment and indeed God does not interfere with your free will. God supports you as you make those choices for Light. When you feel a void, that something is not right, go back and look and come to see that in some way you have veered off the path slightly and when you return you may try a different approach so that you may correct this small error. Each day you are being tested, beloved souls. Each day is an opportunity to grow, to awaken a little further, to set forth your intentions to God as you pray and beseech God for His blessings. And so in this way you are being strengthened, in this way you are learning the road and the journey forward. In this way you will come to understand those roadblocks that you set forth for yourself, those patterns that are in need of correction, of releasing, of allowing this new and wondrous aspect of your being to merge and emerge into your consciousness. It is trial and error, beloved souls. Indeed God does not judge you in your error but God always sets forth the opportunity for you to recognize and understand the source of that error and to set forth in knowledge and in faith that you may be guided in ways to correct, to expunge all that is not in harmony with love from your being. This is the way of Divine Love. This is how you will continue to progress and move forward upon this wondrous path of Light and truly be God's children, instruments, expressions of His Truth, being examples each and every moment of the power of His Love placed within your soul and expressed through your being. So it will be, this ever increasing and growing and expanding part of you that will indeed encompass all of you and make you the great and beautiful light bringers that you truly desire to be.

It is your individual journey and your journey together and your journey with others that will determine the outcomes of these efforts. May you be strong in Love. May you be clear in your minds. May your faith be the underpinning of your work. May Love envelop all, transforming and bringing harmony to all that you are and all that you do.

God bless you, beloved souls, I am Matthew who stands as your guardian angel in these endeavors and so my commitment to you is absolute as you continue to grow in this love and express your desire and efforts to teach your brothers and sisters of this truth. Know that I stand with you. I stand over you in Light, protection, in guiding and ensuring that your efforts will not be thwarted, that you will stand strong and we will stand strong together, those of us in the realms of spirit and you upon the earth plane. So we continue to journey forward, a formidable force, a beautiful light, a way towards love and healing and peace so that Truth shall be your banner, that you will be a bringer of peace and comfort to many. May God bless, beloved souls. I am with you. Many are with you. God bless you and keep you in His Light, His Hand upon you, His Love nurturing your soul. God bless you. My love is with you.
