---
title: "God is Protecting us all Through Earth Changes"
menu_title: ""
description: "God is Protecting us all Through Earth Changes"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God is Protecting us all Through Earth Changes

November 16<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Aaron received by Al Fike

Peace be upon you, beloved souls, I am Aaron. I come to assure you that God has His Hand firmly resting upon each one of you. His protection and care continues to emanate towards each of you and your families and the many who are a family of love - part of this circle that is God's family, His children seeking truth.

There are many challenges ahead for this world of yours. Much that is coming unanticipated and much that will make your lives at the very least, inconvenient and at times, severely challenging. But indeed, as you continue to forge your connection with your Creator and live a life of faith, so you will find yourselves being guided through the tumult and the difficulties, being protected from those most obvious conditions and situations that challenge this world.

God does not want His children to suffer. God has never intended for these complex difficulties to be a part of your life. Unfortunately, these things reflect the human condition and the actions of the collective body of humanity in your world; those actions that have happened previous to your existence and have continued to build for many, many hundreds of years. They are culminating now in these times of turmoil and difficulty. Yet, if you go to your soul, and go to God in prayer, what is it that you feel? What is it that rises up within you? Is it not the power of your faith and the blessing of peace that comes to you in prayer, that though you may see the tumult all around you, do you not feel that you are safe and that you may indeed offer assistance and comfort to your brothers and sisters?

This feeling, this awareness, will continue to grow within you as you continue to awaken to the blessing of God's Love.  As strength builds within each of you, a sense that no matter your circumstance and situation, that God will surely enwrap you in His Love and protection. And this extends out to those close to you.

This does not mean complete immunity from the conditions of your world - it strengthens you and keeps you from the worst of what is truly a difficult situation for humanity at this time, where so much suffering comes from humanity's inability to struggle and move beyond its narrow vision and ideas, and those things which keep many within the condition of self-absorption and desire, where they are not able to see beyond their own needs in the fulfillment of their desires.

Yes, you continue to thrive within a difficult environment. You continue to be ministered to by the angels, by God, by many. Great blessings are bestowed you, beloved souls. Great blessings indeed. As you step forward, so the blessings will pour forth ever stronger, bringing to you a light that is warmth and comfort, love and peace.

May you be a channel of these things for your brothers and sisters, especially when you are encountering difficult conditions. There is much that can be given through those who are willing to be God's instruments. The flow of love is continuous. Peace, all about you. Healing, blessings of light, emanating through you.

Be that instrument, that channel of love and light in the world. Seek harmony above all else. Seek to be God's instruments and channels in the world. You will find yourselves in situations where comfort is needed, healing and peace for those who are in great need.

May God bless you, beloved souls, keep you in this beautiful light, protecting and loving you, guiding you forward, keeping you in His Light.

God bless you. I am Aaron, and I come to strengthen you, that you may feel and know a great resolve within you, a resolve that is in alignment with God, a strength that puts aside those doubts and fears, a faith that carries you through even the most impossible and difficult scenarios, that you are blessed, my beloved friends. Blessed with much that is needed to endure and to be a channel in this difficult world. God bless you. God bless you all, beloved souls, children of God. My love is with you. God bless you.
