---
title: "I urge you to ask God to open your souls"
menu_title: ""
description: "I urge you to ask God to open your souls"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# I urge you to ask God to open your souls

November 26<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

Beloved, beloved souls, I come, I am Jesus. I come to bless you in this time of prayer.

I urge you to ask God to open your souls to the inflowing of His Love, that this one simple request from you given in earnest longing will be the antidote to all other prayers that you may ask of God, that the power of Love is far greater than you might imagine. The greatest power of all is God's Essence touching your souls, healing you of all conditions that are not in harmony with His Soul and with the truth of Love.

Step forward and ask that the doors of  your soul may be open, that His gift and blessings may pour in in great abundance. This is the message I taught when I walked the earth and continue to teach to those who are open and willing to receive and come to acknowledge this gift, this precious gift from God.

Each of you, beloved children, desire light in your lives, desire peace, upliftment, insight, truth, and all good things that come from God. And so it shall come as a reflection of your desire, your desire for it, your true soul's longing to be with God.

I come to pray with you to be with you in this Light, this deep peace that passes all understanding. It is for each of you, God's gift as He places His Hand upon you, His Hand of Love, to bring to you the healing and clarity and upliftment that will allow you to be close to the Creator of all.

May God bless you, beloved souls. I am your brother, I am your friend, and I walk with you always, beloved souls. God bless you and keep you in His Light. Peace be with you, beloveds, deep and abiding peace. God bless you. God bless you.
