---
title: "A Blessing from Mary"
menu_title: ""
description: "A Blessing from Mary"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# A Blessing from Mary

August 20<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

I come to be with you, I am Mary. I come to add more power to your prayers for I too have great love for you and all that you love. I love them as well and for all of humanity so in need of love, so in need of healing and peace. So I come to pray with you so that you may feel the blessings of God's Love, that you may feel the peace that is the peace that passes all understanding, so that your souls may open to greater light in the world, greater light to your own soul and all that may come in the blessing of prayer. May you know them, know these things, know what is meant for you from God for God loves you so. God loves you so. And so do all the angels in the Celestial Heavens, all the bright spirits who continue to serve God, all the brothers and sisters upon your earth who seek to love humanity and serve humanity. There are great resources of love for every soul who seeks it. So many are distanced from this but you, beloved souls, continue to seek these blessings and so you will be blessed. For it is in your desire, your heartfelt desire to be with God, to be a channel of God's Love, a channel of light in the world that these blessings come and empower you to be God's instruments upon this earth of yours.

You are His children. We are all His children, beloveds. We walk in this light together ever seeking greater at-onement with God, ever seeking deeper truth, greater love, beautiful blessings to uplift us and uphold us. So we are with God at this moment. His Love radiates through the Holy Spirit to your souls carrying you on this path, uplifting you from the earthly conditions. And so you are guided, beloveds, and so  you are blessed. You continue to seek His guidance and blessings that His Love may flourish within your soul and bring the great transformation that comes with this.

I love you, beloveds, I love you. I am with you often. As each of you continue to strive in the earth as lights and deal with all the earthly conditions in ways that bring light, so you draw the angels close to you. So you are blessed by God's Hand. Beloveds, beloved brothers and sisters, we pray together and are together in love. God bless you, I love you. God bless you each and every one of you and all your loved ones and all you pray for. God's blessings come in these moments of prayer. God bless you.
