---
title: "Closing Message for Retreat"
menu_title: ""
description: "Closing Message for Retreat"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Closing Message for Retreat

September 25<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Direct Voice Retreat, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

Beloved souls, I am Seretta Kem. So now you see why we do not go to great detail in terms of explaining your spiritual journey and awakening, for if I told you this several weeks ago, would you believe me? Would you be motivated to come and partake of these sacred times together? Yes, you have focused on one gift, a gift that you are sure to manifest in time, but indeed many gifts were delivered to you in these times of prayer together. You have come to understand the universe in a wider context. You have come to know that there are many beautiful spirits and benevolent mortals, if we may call them that, who inhabit the universe. Indeed, you are integrating many possibilities, shifting your reality, your understanding of what life is.

You were taught that the distance between your Earth and other planets that are around other stars in unfathomable and unreachable. Yet, through your experience you have proven this not to be the case, that there is indeed interconnectedness between beings upon the material plane and that this interconnectedness is the result of a soul expanded and transformed by Divine Love. This is the key to so much, beloved souls, and so we continue to encourage you, to pray with you, to help you to open those doors of realisation, of transformation, of love.

Today begins a day that is different from all others and ushers in many more days that will open to you in greater awareness, deeper understanding, in a conscious way. Your souls know much, beloved souls, your souls know so much, but to penetrate the barriers of the mind and the consciousness, requires great efforts not only from yourselves, but from the help you receive from your angel friends and your friends whom you have just met.

So, you have been given a gift that will open up many awarenesses, that will be the catalyst for many hidden gifts within you to open, in conjunction with your soul awakening to Divine Love. But indeed, I see around me in this Circle of Light, much power of Divine Love within the souls whom are here and present and those souls who are connected to this group. The issue of a soul awakened in Divine Love is not so critical amongst you. Now it is a time of awakening your consciousness, awakening yourselves to all that is within you and all that can be expressed through you, in your gifts, in this great channel of love that has been created through your prayers, and all that is now just upon the surface, awaiting your acknowledgment, your understanding, of this great level of awareness, this consciousness that so eludes humanity, but you have come close, ever closer.

Pray for God to pull aside this veil that has been created through generations upon generations who have insisted that the only truth is that of the material world and the spiritual truth is that of the written word, erroneously transcribed and shared as truth. Truth comes to each of you through your relationship with God, and truth will come to each soul in this way. It is almost better not to have read what is thought to be the truth rather, to come as an innocent child to God and allow God to share His book of Truths with you. In this way, you would be and will be gradually fed the truth that you are able to comprehend and accept. As your soul grows and awakens, so the capacity to know truth is also awakened. So the depth of truth is found within, and in this is love, and in love is great joy.

You have been given the opportunity to understand certain truths and realities because you have matured enough to absorb these things without either rejecting them or obsessing with them. Rather, you add this to your book of truth and do so with reverence and joy and gratitude, with a willingness to continue to open yourselves to greater truth. So you were given a special gift today that will allow you to know greater truth. In conjunction with your soul and your soul’s faculties, so this gift will amplify what is received by your soul, and that which travels from your soul to your mind, and that which travels from your mind to your soul. This gift, this sacred jewel that allows you deeper understanding and amplifies your capacity to know truth will assist you along the way. No-one upon your earth plane has ever received this gift, you are the first. Yet in time, this gift will be given to many others, and this gift has been given to those who are connected to you and a part, in their own way, of this great exercise of faith and trust and love.

So we open the door to a new era, a new phase of the evolution of mankind into something quite extraordinary and wonderful. This gift within you is only an accoutrement to the beating heart that is your soul. It is not useful without your soul continuing to awaken and be in light. It is an acknowledgement that you are well on your way. Rather than this be an oddity or some form of speculation or entertainment, it is truly a beautiful mechanism given to you by our beloved friends, friends who upon this material plane, have advanced to such an extent that you would not be able to comprehend their life and how they are in their world. But they have shared many things with you, they have given you great opportunities to shift and grow. This too would not be possible without your efforts to receive the great gift of Divine Love to such an extent that you have been receptive and willing and grateful for their efforts and assistance in these past few weeks.

The power of Divine Love opens many doors. These doors will bring many truths. These truths will bring many shifts within your consciousness and understanding. As you continue upon this journey, you will grow in love, and in this you will grow in wisdom, in this you will grow in your capacities to comfort humanity, to teach, to bring truth to many, to demonstrate the power of love in a world so bereft of love.

You will find yourselves in many different situations upon this Earth of yours where your gifts will be used, your wisdom shared, manifestations will ensue, and much will come of your willingness to walk in the world as God’s instruments. You will be a vital piece in God’s plan for the salvation of humanity. As such you carry a great responsibility, for when much is given, much is expected.

I urge you to strive for the highest at all times. In your thoughts, be pure and loving. In your actions, be considerate and loving. In your efforts to serve God, listen. Rely upon that which has been given to you, to allow you to hear God’s guidance, His sweet whispers to you. In this way, there will be no confusion as you walk upon this Earth. Rather, each step will be considered and will be purposeful. You will find yourself living a life so full of joy, so full of insight, so full of opportunities to serve, that as you come near the end of your life you will beg for more and more. For, the life you will live, the life that is coming, will be rich and beautiful in love.

Be the examples that we so wish for you to be and God indeed, has a great desire that you express and demonstrate the truths that you have been given, the truths that will lead to a life lived in harmony and grace, in joy and love. Be that individual who lives in these ways. Be a light in the world. Allow all that God has given you to be freely expressed in harmony, in light, and may you walk in life in peace, deep peace and a soulful confidence that says, *“I am walking upon the path that God has given me and I do so without reservation or doubt, I do so in faith and trust, that I am truly a child of God and I shall live my life accordingly. I shall cast aside all of those unwanted aspects of my thoughts and mindful intentions that do not reflect love. I am free from this. I am truly free from all that which is not of love, and I shall walk as your child forever, beloved God. I shall walk as a true and beautiful creation that you have made of me and desire for me to express in accordance to the Laws that you have given for that expression, that in my free will, may I choose to be guided and to express all that is of light. In my soul may I be attuned to you, dear God, and express all that is of your Will, and within my entire being, may I be a beacon of light, a purveyor of truth, a channel of blessings to my brothers and sisters.”*

My beloved and beautiful friends, you have given all who are involved in this venture, great joy. We are celebrating your efforts and success. You are unstoppable, beloved souls, for the momentum that has been built cannot be stopped. Continue to stride forward in joy, in truth, in love. We will walk with you. We will walk with you. God bless you, my friends, ever by your side, ever a servant of Truth and God’s Will. My love for you is great, beloveds, beloveds, my true and dear friends on Earth. Thank you, thank you all for who you are and who you are becoming; such lights, such beauty. God bless you.
