---
title: "Recognize that God's Hand is Truly within This Work"
menu_title: ""
description: "Recognize that God's Hand is Truly within This Work"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Recognize that God's Hand is Truly within This Work

May 1<sup>st</sup>, 2021

Lightbringers, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

And yes, I am your Professor Salyards. We have been monitoring your conversation today as we continue to be close to each one of you and try in our own way to assist you as you continue to travel along this path of development.

What gives us great joy is when you speak of those times when you have reached out to others, that each in your own way you continue to make efforts to help others along the path towards God. Though I know you need to spend time and effort to formulate your structures and your methods as you devise this program and this organization, the true spiritual work is when you are reaching out with your heart to another, uplifting them, assisting them upon their journey. This is why it is important that once you build your structure that you are not too engaged or obsessed with these elements and aspects, but that once you are able to operate through this framework that the true work begins, that this reaching out to your brothers and sisters to bring the truth of God's Love, to be a channel of God's Love, to be true to God's Will through you, is all enacted in a beautiful, choreographed flow and dance reflecting love and grace, truth and joy.

So I continue to encourage you, beloved souls, I know that through your week each of you dedicates time in service, each of you knows how important it is that you do God's work in whatever way and capacity that is harmony with who you are, your personalities and your gifts, your beautiful souls. This invariably must increase as these efforts must expand and this work will become a powerful catalyst in your lives so that many will benefit from your efforts. I ask you, my beloved friends, to be at peace, to know that you are doing God's work. I am pleased to see that in many ways, some of you who have been very engaged in the technical aspects of these meetings and structures are beginning to release this somewhat and feel confident that all will flow in accordance and in harmony with God's Will, and that we on our side of life will continue to support you and guide you and assist you as this structure does continue to unfold and be put into place.

Doing God's work does not need to be complex or overly challenging. Yes, there are aspects to it which may require you to stretch beyond your limits of comfort but indeed when God is involved you are blessed when you enter into the arena of service, when you allow God to work through you and when you feel a great flow of love through you,bringing inspiration and peace all around you. These are the indications of when you are doing God's work. It is important for you to recognize these things and when you feel frustrated or drained of energy or confused, I urge you to reevaluate the efforts that you are making and come to see that when you do God's work that these elements are not present. Instead there is upliftment, expansion, joy and clarity so that love flows into everything. This is God's blessing upon you when you engage and make that choice to do His bidding. Everyone involved is blessed and things that may appear to the mind to be a great dilemma, complex and confusing, unravel and become simple and in it comes a feeling that a resolution, a satisfaction that all is in harmony ensues as you encounter and are willing to walk along this road of engagement with others.

You are learning to be God's servants in a more effective way, in a way that is a great and wondrous example of what can be and what will be as you come deeper into your commitment to serve, to teach, to love, to uplift and to heal. These things will unfold, my beloved friends, as your soul continues to unfold and grow in the Father's Love. Much is coming for each of you. And though you will be in collaboration with one another, I wish to assure you that you will also be engaged in your own personal efforts and work which God has assigned to you and that this will come together as various branches of a beautiful tree, a tree that is of service, a tree that is of many different blossoms, unique to each individual's branch and expression. And so the very trunk of this tree is what you are creating together but indeed it will nurture these shoots and branches that come from this tree, creating a wondrous rainbow of color and texture and blossoms emanating light, a wondrous thing it will be, a wondrous thing. And you will all look upon one another and the unique qualities that each has and expresses in their lives, in their service to God, and truly admire the uniqueness of each soul, and admire how each soul has come together in this collective, beautiful creation which is God's efforts and Will to meld you all together into something truly wondrous.

May God bless you, my friends, yes, much awaits. You continue to get further insight. What assistance you require is coming and has been provided day in and day out and as this happens, so you will recognize that God's Hand is truly within this work and you will feel and sense and know that you are on the road that you are meant to travel, that God has provided and will continue to open the way so to put aside the obstructions, bringing harmony, insight and truth to all that you do, beloved souls. God bless you, I am your Professor Salyards. My love is with you. My gratitude for your consistency and your persistency with all that you do and all that you continue to desire to do and to place your faith with your desire to do God's Will and God's work. God bless you, my friends, God bless you.
