---
title: "You Are All Ready For This Next Step"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Are All Ready For This Next Step"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Are All Ready For This Next Step

January 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2021

Lightbringers, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

Good evening, I am your Professor Salyards. Once again I've come to help to assure you and guide you upon these matters which you are concerned and continue to discuss.

Yes, it is time to gather your groups together. I would compare this with planting a garden. You sow seeds within that garden and as that garden continues to emerge, certain seeds come first, certain seeds that are robust or closer to the surface of the soil will emerge more quickly than others. This is what you will see in your efforts together formulating these groups, certain individuals are more robust and will step forward more readily than others. But rest assured that many will step forward, and many whom you do not know at this time will step forward in these areas of cultivation and sharing the truths through those various channels and means of communication and opening. I am very happy to hear that you wish to encourage those individuals who step forward to take part in the planning and the exercise of the ways in which you will fulfill your plans and expressions of these intentions. I would encourage you to be patient and to not push the river, as you would say, too quickly, but allow things to evolve. Allow yourself the luxury of time, allow yourselves the possibility of open minded discussion and awakening to different ideas and motivations that will come with these individuals who seek to be a part of your efforts. 

Much continues to evolve from our side of life as we work diligently to influence various beloved souls who are gifted and who when given the right impetus and inspiration will joyfully be within your midst and find your work fascinating and will be eager to join in. Much will come from your initial steps. I urge you not to be overly concerned about each step in regards to being perfect or perfectly aligned with your goals. Rather, allow things to evolve, allow us the room to add into your efforts, and we will inspire you and open many doorways of thought and perception so that you may see the bigger picture more readily. Know that you have a great resource in us, we who are in the Celestial kingdom and eager to join with you in these great efforts. And you all know this, my friends, you all know that we are there. If you do not feel our presence, I say to you to exercise your faith, to be in prayer, to release any concerns or anxieties around this issue, to walk with  confidence and a desire and enthusiasm that will help you to awaken to these new modes of planning, of bringing together the steps, the ways and the means to express this common venture in all its ways and forms that are coming.

Be at peace, my friends, know that you continue to awaken to God's plan and that together we will fulfill this plan and that you may come to realize that not all efforts that you may make within your minds in this planning phase will come to fruition but that it will evolve and formulate in accordance to what is planned in a deeper, soulful level as we work together in this way, as we all look to God to know His Will and know the plan before us. Some may see more clearly than others but all of you have within your hearts and souls a beautiful desire, a sense of resonance, of walking together, of unity. And so you will grow in this and strengthen in this, and so you will find your way not only in your personal prayers to God but in your collective efforts to do God's Will.

You are all ready for this next step and you will all find some surprises, some highly gratifying experiences and some beautiful ways to connect and to be with others on this path of service. So much awaits you, my friends, and we are pleased that you continue to be consistent, to be prayerful, to exercise your faith and your perceptions, to come to recognize your soulful desires to serve humanity, to serve God, so that all comes together as you strengthen this portal of service, of light, of fulfillment, of joy, of love. We are all deeply blessed as we continue to serve for it is in service that we find our way into deeper soulful awakening and understanding for as we exercise the gifts of our souls so we come to know ourselves in all these beautiful ways, those aspects of soul that need to be expressed, that are eager to come forward. So you will find yourselves somewhat challenged but often seeing before you great opportunities, great gifts, great blessings, and wondrous openings to the Will of God. And in this you will grow, in this you will be strengthened, in this you will learn much, and you will express deeper aspects of yourself. The beauty and blessing of God's Touch upon those ventures that you share with God is that all are blessed, every individual soul who elects to serve God is deeply blessed and those which you may serve are deeply blessed and all comes together in the light and beauty and love of God's Touch upon these ventures and efforts and expressions to serve, to bring light, to bring truth.

May God bless you, beloved souls. May you continue to find your way together. May you continue to reach out to the many souls who are eager to join you, to serve with you, to be a part of this beautiful flowering that is a wondrous tree growing with all of its branches, budding, blossoming, and leafing out in all the harmony and glory and beauty which is God's creation. God bless you, my friends, I am your Professor Salyards. I am with you, close, often very close. May you feel my presence, may you feel the ignition of your soul in love, in inspiration, in light, in direction and impetus towards these great common goals which God has inspired us towards. God bless you, my friends. My love, my prayers, my efforts are with you, each of you. God bless you. God bless you deeply.
