---
title: "You Have Chosen to be Lights in the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Have Chosen to be Lights in the World"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Have Chosen to be Lights in the World

August 1<sup>st</sup>, 2021

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

May the touch of our Father's Love be this gift upon your soul as we pray today together. I am your brother and your friend, Jesus. I come to speak to you today upon the subject that is most important to you all, that is, to speak of those barriers that you carry between yourself and God and yourself and your own soul. How it saddens me to see such suffering in your world, and that so many are unable to reach God in any meaningful way, that so many are lost in darkness. Even those who cry out to God often feel nothing, for they have within them many conditions and barriers which hold them from God in a conscious way. And yet even that cry from the anguished soul brings a response from our Heavenly Father whose compassion and Love for His children is mighty, formidable and beautiful.

Each of you carries some aspect and condition within you that holds you from God because you are part of the human condition and you are more attuned to this condition than you are of that relationship that your souls so desire to have with God. You reinforce this condition daily with your thoughts and your actions. You have deep-seated pain and wounds which continue to create a barrier between God and your soul. The consciousness of soul struggles to come to your awareness. The blessings of God may come briefly to each of you, a flicker of light, but often it is quickly forgotten as you continue with your daily life which is, as I say, more attuned to the human condition than it is to God. Yet,you continue to be forthright and persistent in your desires to receive the gift of God's Love, and indeed God responds by blessing you with His Love.

As you continue to trod that well-worn path to God in prayer, so the awareness will grow. The flicker will become a lit candle which will become a beam of light which will in time become your reality of light as you walk on the earth. I know for many of you, it is a difficult path, a path to forge light to your consciousness, to be aware as you would like to be aware of this truth, active and alive within you, this relationship between your soul and God’s Soul. Yet you are the ones who are strong and persistent, you are the ones that will not give up the search, the desire, the fulfillment of your soul’s desire. As such you are lights in the world, and as such you draw to you the angels and God's great Touch upon your soul. You are my brothers and sisters all, my love for you is great, my prayers for you are constant, as are all those within the Celestial Kingdom who pray for you, for your upliftment, for you represent hope for this world to crack the barrier between mortals and God, bringing the change that is required, the openings and understandings of truth that will come in prayer, that will come in the forging of your relationship with God. This will save the world, beloved souls.

We have come together in this small circle of light to make this declaration that the truth of our life, the purpose of our life, is to be in alignment with God, to open and awaken our souls, and to be truly children of God. You declare this with each prayer. Each time you come together you continue to declare to the world: this is the truth, the truth that has been long lost and misunderstood, the truth that I spoke so long ago and was lost and has now come to light through the gifts of many who have dedicated themselves to truth.

And so you are my beloved, beloved, brothers and sisters in the world for you continue to bring the truth of God's Love to the world, to your own selves, to your families and loved ones, to the world that is thirsting and crying out for truth. Continue, beloved souls, and yes, there are barriers, many, between yourself and God. Have faith, beloveds, have faith that as you continue to tread that path between your soul and God’s Soul, those barriers will be diminished and will fall away. That you will truly come to know in great depth and meaningful awareness that you are truly loved by God, and that God's Love for you is infinite and wondrous to behold, and in this acknowledgment, in living this truth, you will be God's instruments upon the earth. You cannot help but be His instruments for your light will shine forth and will have its effects upon your earthly plane for God needs instruments such as yourself to affect change upon the earth. God needs those who are strong to walk upon the earth as a true child of God, in harmony with His Laws of Love, demonstrating these truths with every breath, a soul awakened and glowing and joyous in love. What a wonderful gift this is to the world, a gift that will bring awareness, change, and understanding, truth to many. You have chosen this, beloved souls, you have chosen to be lights in the world and so I come to join you as a light in the world. May you continue to pursue God and express the true wonderment of your soul awakened with the blessing of God's Love upon you.

Be His true children, be His true servants, be that wondrous light that will help to change the darkening conditions of your world and bring healing, love and truth to many. Many children await your ministry. May you be inspired and know truly within your soul the purpose that God has placed within you. May you truly come to acknowledge that you are a soul living in a material body and that that soul will live forever, redeemed by the Father's Love. You are precious to God. You are the hope of the world. You are loved by your angel friends and the bright spirits who continue to work to bring the truth and blessings to your world so that light may flourish, and  love may flourish in your world. Be strong, my beloveds, be upright, be truly God's children and you will see a life unfolding that will be joyous and fulfilling, powerful and beautiful.

God bless you, beloveds. I walk with you. I am your friend and brother, and I love you. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you. I am Jesus. God bless you.
