---
title: "Remarkable Indeed Will Be This Journey"
menu_title: ""
description: "Remarkable Indeed Will Be This Journey"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Remarkable Indeed Will Be This Journey

January 30<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Lightbringers, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

Blessings to you my friends, I am your Professor Salyards. I think you will find as time goes on that there will be a constriction and then an expansion of your ideas and expressions exploring the possibilities and directions of your efforts. Your minds will come into focus in one particular regard and then be constricted somewhat, but as you go along it will expand into other ideas and other possibilities so therefore you will find yourselves focusing and then bringing in different inspirations from your spirit guides which will expand upon and extrapolate your ideas and open your mind to different possibilities.

Do not be concerned about this way in which we will conduct our business together for you will welcome these expansions, perceptions, and constructs and ways of doing and expressing those ideas which we all share together. Indeed things will evolve and change as you continue to refine your focus and then release your need to have your focus come into defined clarity. In this release will come greater understanding of the purpose of each project that you carry out. I hope this makes sense to you my friends, that indeed the process that you are engaging within will be somewhat different from that which you are used to. The mind needs to be flexible and open to different ideas to allow the strictures of your thoughts and previous experiences to be released and come into the openness of your souls understanding of things.

As I say, this will be a process of constriction and expansion for some time to come yet. But in time this process will become easier and you will become more familiar with communicating with your own soul, understanding Gods Will which will be directed through your soul coming forth to your mind into your consciousness. In this way you will see the means to the ends much more clearly and will have much more confidence in how that might be accomplished. The soul is able to see a particular issue from many different directions. The soul perceptions are quite different from that of the minds deductions. In this way you will come to know through various avenues of perception solutions to your questions and dilemmas and struggles to find the perfect avenues of expression for your projects.

Some of you will know from a visual perspective, for this is more of a focus within your soul faculties, some will see words, some will have conversations with their spirit friends and come to various conclusions through these conversations. But I tell you that each one of you will be inspired and will come to know various avenues that will open your souls perceptions, an ability to find solutions and directions in your various fields of endeavors. I ask you to be patient with yourselves and come to realize that it will take time to expand upon these various subjects and directions so that you will know the guided solution, God&#39;s Will, in this matter or whatever matter is at hand. This will come often in a revelatory way, you will have insights in your prayers, your contemplations of various things. You will come to know your own soul through those challenges that are presented for you and come to bring about the expansion and expression of these ways in which God wishes for you to reach your brothers and sisters.

Has it not been an interesting journey so far? And yet you just begin, my friends, you just begin. In many ways you are in that constrictive mode of the mind but indeed as you move through this state of awareness you will come to that place of expansion and acknowledgement of guided information and understanding of that which you are meant to come to and to be utilized in your work. Much is going to be coming your way, my friends. I hope that you are excited and have great anticipation for what may be given in times that are close at hand and what you may come to understand through these experiences that you may have with your Creator and His intentions to utilize each of you as an instrument for change, for Light, for Love in the world. That you may bring truth in ways and means that will inspire others and touch their souls deeply.

This is what you are meant to do, to touch the souls of your brothers and sisters more deeply in a profound way as God utilizes the channels that He has set before Himself in you upon this earth plane, utilizing unique and beautiful gifts which you all possess. Many of these gifts you are not yet aware of but as you progress you will find new awakenings, greater awareness of your own potentials, and in this you will utilize your
awakenings and awakened gifts for the benefit of humanity. This is the expansion that you feel my friends, the possibilities, a sense that you are upon a road that will bring about many remarkable experiences and avenues of expression. It is your souls awakening, my friends; it is you awakening to your soul. You will come to see how remarkable you are, how beautiful is your soul, and how beautiful is Gods creation which is you! In this journey of awakening to your own self you will express what you know and feel and are and upon a great journey of service to God and to humanity. Remarkable indeed, my friends, will be this journey and the opportunities that will be laid before you. You will see for yourself when one aligns oneself with God, what beautiful and miraculous outcomes may come in this commitment to your Heavenly Father.

May God bless you, my friends, as you continue to awaken, as you continue to assist one another in their awakenings, and as God has His Hand upon you all, His angels by your side so these things will come. So you will find when you least expect it, something remarkable manifesting in your life and in your conscious, soulful self. Much is coming, my friends, much is coming in the wake of your desire and commitment and your efforts in prayer and your efforts together to bring Love and truth to the world. So you will find fulfillment in these efforts and you will find that God has already answered your prayers, that He will continue to do so as you continue on this course of service, of soul awakening, of the expression of Love.

God bless you, my friends. I am your true servant and your friend, I am Professor Salyards. I am glad to be with you today. Many have been listening, enjoying your conversation. Indeed at times we find the limitations of your thinking a bit amusing. But indeed you will find your way and come to the fullness and wisdom of your souls. God bless you, my friends, God bless you indeed.
