---
title: "God is Healing Us - God is Healing the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "God is Healing Us - God is Healing the World"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God is Healing Us - God is Healing the World

November 30<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Online Prayer Circle, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

Beloved and precious souls, I am Jesus. I come to pray with you today. I come because your prayers have brought me close. Your desires to be in light, to be in truth, to be God's channels of love in the world. And so I come to reinforce your desires and your efforts in this regard. God’s Touch rests gently upon you and His Touch is becoming powerful in the world, reaching many souls, igniting a desire within many. It is important that you speak this truth to your brothers and sisters, for, many who are touched in this deep way within the soul, do not understand from their mental, conscious selves, what it is that their souls are seeking and longing for.

It is for you to share this simple truth with gentle words, with loving kindness, with truth expressed in love and acceptance. You cannot force any soul to God, but you can be that bright shing example of a soul who is in alignment and seeks further alignment with its Creator. His Love is waiting to infuse every soul. Every child that God has created in this world and the next, is seeking, seeking comfort, light, love, relief from its pain, from the darkness. Can you step forward, beloveds, and be God’s instrument in this way? Can you walk upon the earthly plane and truly be in alignment with God’s Will and with the light of His Truth and Love? It is not difficult. It is not a complicated matter. It is simple and direct and beautiful in its expression.

May your souls awaken further to God’s Touch of Love upon it. In its awakening, may you see more clearly, the longings and the predicament of each child upon this world who is often stuck within the human condition and unable to break free from that condition. And in this, they are in pain. They are lost. But within their true selves is a longing for freedom and release from this darkness, a longing to truly know itself in conscious and deliberate ways, a longing to know God, who continues to send forth His desire for each soul to know Him.

Be that child of God, that powerful instrument, that beautiful example of light and love. Express yourselves with the highest of intent, the deepest of desire. With great faith, may you walk upon this world and seek to know the Will of God within your life. Thus, you will find that God will guide you and bless you deeply, profoundly. The words will come, beloveds, the love will flow, the light will intensify, and you will draw your angel friends close. You will draw all that which is of light and love into your midst and be that beautiful child, that beautiful soul that you are meant to be, beloved, beloved souls.

Know that we walk with you always, that we are there to protect, to bring a reinforcement of light, to intensify your longings and desires, to help you in prayer, to guide you in thought, to bring to you the opportunities and open doors to serve God with each and every day. We are with you, beloveds, we are with you.

May we now be with God in His Love, His beautiful Touch upon us, His deep and profound peace and Light enveloping us. We are with God. We are with God. Beloveds, my love is with you all. God’s Love is a powerful antidote to all things of the earthly conditions. It shall heal the world in time, and it is healing you now at this time. God bless you. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. I am with you. God bless you.
