---
title: "Groups world-wide are being brought together to pray"
menu_title: ""
description: "Groups world-wide are being brought together to pray"
date: 2025-07-03 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Groups world-wide are being brought together to pray

September 19<sup>th</sup>, 2021

Direct Voice Retreat, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

As you have already surmised, you will be joining many other groups in the world, groups that are being prepared as you are being prepared, to usher in the changes, the shifts of consciousness, understanding, that are coming to your world. Though many of these groups will have different language and understanding of things spiritual, they are all bringing a component of light into the world and, whether they acknowledge it or not, they are all instruments of God's Will in this regard. God's Will will find its mark upon this world through many instruments, many ways. The very atmosphere of your world, the energetic atmosphere, is changing and there is much coming that is influencing the minds and souls of many.

You have a great advantage in that you know much about the soul and the truth of the soul that many do not know. They are still within their mind’s perceptions and understanding. Although this focus is of the mind, their souls are stirring and when the time is right, what you have to share will inspire many others who are seeking deeper and greater knowledge and truth.

You are all part of a great movement that is forming at this time, a movement that will awaken humanity and challenge humanity. For, the world cannot go on in it’s state of distress and imbalance without those who are more enlightened coming forth and bringing solutions to these many dilemmas. Thus, we prepare you, beloved souls, to step forward in this way. We endeavour to open every opportunity to you to understand in a deeper way, in a clear way, what is required and what is happening on many different levels to your world and to you. You are being schooled in truth. You are being shown many intricate dynamics upon your earthly plane, within your own bodies and your spirits, and we are doing so with the understanding that the greater focus must be upon the soul and its awakening. For though we may show you many things of the mind and understandings that you can grasp and comprehend with your intellect, the deeper truth and the deeper knowledge comes with the soul faculties awakened and the capacity to understand in this way, open to you.

Thus we begin the next phase of your development together to help you to open your soul's faculties, to help you to be aware of things so very subtle and unreachable by the mind, but indeed become foundational truth for the soul. You will each experience this in your own way. Indeed, some will find it easier to access this knowledge through the soul's faculties than others. It is inevitable that you are all different and upon different places on your path and have different gifts and capacities of perception and understanding that are unique to you. You cannot compare one to another, you are each unique and you cannot wish for certain gifts that you see within another, and say *"Father I want to see in this way, I want to understand in this deep way that I see my brother or sister having understood and seen." This is a fruitless prayer. Rather, it is for you to say to God, "My beloved Creator, open the faculties of my soul, help me to truly understand what lies within me, these great potentials that are there, those things that You wish for me to know and be awakened to."*

In this way you are forging your own personal relationship with your Creator and awakening your personal gifts along a path that is designated for you and not another. As you are well aware, it is for you to seek greater inflowings of the Divine Essence, the Love of God into your soul, in order for these faculties and gifts to open, powered by Love, powered by the Essence of God.

Beloved souls, there is much to discover, and you will not discover all within this short time period, but you will find your way towards deeper understanding and perception. You will at the very least, have an inkling as to what is within you and what can be manifest through you. These things will grow as your souls grow in Divine Love. These things take time to mature and awaken, for if you were to shift consciousness so quickly and readily, then your experience of life, of this material world, would be very challenging indeed. It is not easy to live in both worlds if within you is a different reality compared to what you see in the material plane and what is professed as reality on that plane.

It is challenging, yet it brings the capacities and gifts which God wishes to use through you for the benefit of your brothers and sisters. With many things of the spiritual nature, it is important to walk that fine line between the reality of your material senses and the reality of your spiritual senses. When these things are intermingled and enmeshed into one firm avenue of experience and knowledge, then you are well on your way to being God's clear and beautiful channels of love. This enmeshment comes with the power of the Divine Love. The awakening of your faculties comes subtly at first, but they emerge and are a part of your experience. Although your minds often negate and ignore, here I urge you not to do so, to monitor your experiences, to truly acknowledge that these things of the spirit and the soul are real and important to acknowledge.

Indeed, as the mind makes sense of these things, often there is some distortion, some misunderstanding, but in time the clarity comes, the clouds disperse, and there is a powerful knowing, a powerful gift opened, a great shift that will be with you for all eternity. It would be of a great advantage that many of these gifts are acknowledged while you still walk the earth, for it is in this different perspective, this shift in reality, that you will help to teach others the way towards greater clarity and truth. At first you will doubt yourselves for you are human, and many will doubt you for they do not trust in a reality that is foreign to them and a perspective that causes friction and in itself challenges their truth, their reality.

This is why God brings you together to support one another, to help one another, so that you do not feel you are alone walking in the world, a stranger in a strange land as you say. Rather, you have fellowship, you have the loving support of one another, and this will be a great strength amongst you. You have your angel friends by your side, you have God beaming His Love upon you, you have many spirits who also wish to uphold and support you. There is much that can be given, provided you are willing to receive and acknowledge that what comes to you in your experience in life has validity, has the power to open many doors of truth and awaken many avenues of service, and bring to you many blessings that are a manifestation of the transformation of your soul.

Walk with God, beloveds. While you are here together, walk with God together in loving dedication, affirming to one another that it is indeed God that brings all of these blessings forth and opens the doors to that which you seek to experience and know, to express, as instruments of His Will. The wisdom within you will grow, the capacity to love all will grow within you. The way in which you may serve and realise that great purpose that God has put within you will come in ways that will be clear and unequivocal in its truth.

May God bless you on this journey, my beloved friends. How wonderful it is to walk together in light. How wonderful it is for us to see the gradual blooming of your soul and what joy it gives us when you accept and embrace all that is of your soul and all that is in your relationship with God. More and more you become one of us and leave that human condition behind, and so it will be, so it will be. God bless you beloved souls, God bless you. I am your friend and helper, Seretta Kem. My love is with you. God bless you.
