---
title: "With the Development of this Gift, a new level of Communication will come"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem says With the Development of this Gift, a new level of Communication will come"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# With the Development of this Gift, a new level of Communication will come

July 6<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C. Canada

Received by Al Fike.

 

I see you continue to make your enquiries, to say your prayers and to attempt to change physical and mental habits. You are indeed working diligently towards your goals and we are happy to see these efforts made. This indeed makes us feel optimistic that we will accomplish our goals for Direct Voice for you have shown a deep commitment and a desire towards this project. 

I commend the dear daughter from far away who continues to do her research, who desires to know many details about the physiology and about what will enhance and assist the development of this gift. You are all benefitting from her efforts and her prayers. This beautiful and sincere soul who continues to commit her life to God’s Will, will overcome her physical difficulties. She has already made a great deal of progress towards this and by the time she comes to be here with you, she will have overcome many of these obstacles and her health will be good. 

The other dear daughter who asks many questions of the dear Yogananda, I say to her, put your focus on developing this gift so you may ask these questions directly to him, manifesting in Direct Voice, so that he may give to you in detail many of these answers. This is going to be of great benefit; developing this gift where the Angels may respond to specific questions with specific information rather than utilising the information which is contained within the brain of a medium. They may be able to utilise the gifts that you all share, developing Direct Voice, and this will be a powerful gift giving much valuable information to the world. 

We have spent many years teaching the truths of Divine Love, the truths of Spirit, the truths of God’s Laws and much of this information is available to those who wish to research and read and pray. This portion of our work is extensive, though never complete. With the development of this gift comes a new level of communication that will bring forth not only spiritual truths but scientific understandings and information that will benefit mankind. There will be a wide spectrum of spirits and angels who will be utilising these gifts bringing to mankind greater enlightenment, more sophisticated knowledge and complex understandings of the workings of your material world and the spirit world. Much will be shared with the opening of this gift as those spirits in the higher realms of existence may come and speak and share their wisdom and knowledge and truth. 

In this sharing in this great effort, much will be expected of each one of you who are involved. Indeed our suggestions as to diet and physical health have two purposes. One is to enhance the availability of ectoplasm within each cell of your body and the other is to create within you a stamina and strength so that you may travel this world bringing these truths to mankind. For as you are well aware, this gift is not to be hidden. It will not be cloistered in dark rooms. It will be in full view of humanity. These manifestations will vary in many ways, depending on what the need of the situation is at the time. You will be very busy and you will need to be very healthy in order to endure the demands that will be put upon you. For this gift alone is a demanding gift that requires that your body be performing at its optimal level. It requires that your mind is set upon higher thoughts that your actions are within the light and harmony of God’s Love and Laws. I know that you are reaching to attain this and this wonderful harmonious functioning of your being and we are assisting you in every way that we can to bring about this harmony. 

Remember that prayer is the foundation for this effort. Seeking greater Divine Love within your soul will bring great results regarding this endeavour. Yes this is first and foremost my beloveds. Of course when your body is functioning properly you are able to travel to be with many other souls, to speak and engage in the world. This requires that you to do what you already know you must do. Each has their own unique set of challenges and responsibilities towards themselves and you all share responsibilities towards one another and towards this venture. You must seek harmony in all situations. Do not indulge in feeling regret, sadness, self-judgment, fear and all those things that are not in harmony with love. You are beyond this, my beloveds and it is only those old and tired patterns of the mind which exert their influence upon you, leaving open an avenue for negativity to spread within your being. When you are feeling hopeless, downtrodden, fearful and judgmental — pick yourself up, say a prayer, ask God to help you and ask the Angels to come close to you.

Circumvent these conditions with a choice to bring greater light into your being. For each of you this is possible. When you have thoughts that are not positive and not helpful, stop and recognize these patterns and let this go. See that you are a beautiful being with a beautiful soul and know that you have flaws because you are human. This does not mean that you are a failure or incapable or not loved — no, my beloveds. It means that you continue to have a journey, a journey of healing, a journey of transformation, a journey of truly loving yourself and loving all those around you. Are you not in the beauty and light of God’s Love? Have not your needs been met, my beloveds? Are you not walking the path of Divine Love? Are you not receiving blessings daily, insights, support, healing and grace. How can you judge otherwise and to feel the joy of knowing that God has you within His Hands guiding, nurturing, protecting, showing you the way upon this path. 

The only thing that will stop you from progressing is your own thoughts that you are unworthy or a failure or that you do not love yourself. Do not indulge in these thoughts, beloveds. For some of you, these are well ingrained within the patterns of your thinking and yet they are not relevant to your present condition. You are in the Light and your minds do not recognise this often. Often you cling to the security of old thoughts and patterns. Be strong, my beloveds. Know that you always have a choice and rather than entering that door of negativity, stop as you turn towards that direction and say, *‟No, this is not what I wish. This is not what God wishes for me. I want to be in the light. I will continue to be in the flow of His Love, His Grace. I will love myself and in loving myself I will give myself this gift to be free of the shackles that bind me, to walk in joy, to appreciate truly, to appreciate the beautiful being that I am. I will love myself.″*

Enter into prayer, beloveds, as much as you can. Be prayerful, be loving, be with God and may all that you do be a loving expression of the beauty within your souls. When you think of this great venture that we have embarked upon, think of how many, many souls in this world will benefit from your efforts. Part of the credibility that you must earn with those souls is the ability to love yourself, to be in that light as you shine forth with that light of love as Jesus did as he walked this earth. How can you not but draw many souls to you as God uses you as His channel of Love, as you accept and joyfully engage in this wondrous flow of blessings for others and for yourself. God wishes for you to have all good, all wonderment, an endless flow of Love. May you accept His invitation and walk in this Light for with each choice you continue to accept, to express and to be His child in the grace of His Love. 

God bless you, my beloveds. You are so loved, you are so precious to God and to His Angels and to many. I know you cannot truly fathom this but allow, allow yourself to accept that you are a precious gift in this world. You are beautiful. You are a wonderment of God’s Creation and you are truly loved and never, ever alone. In this acknowledgement, in this recognition, you will glide through the preparation and the execution of this gift. Truly accept love. Truly accept your own beauty and all will fall into place as it should in harmony and grace. God bless you, I am Seretta Kem and I love you, my beautiful and precious charges. I love you dearly and will continue to support you. God bless you. God bless you.


