---
title: "A Report On Our Progress"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem gives A Report On Our Progress"
date: 2018-01-09 00:19:54+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 328
---
# A Report On Our Progress

November 18<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C.

Received by A.F.

 

God Bless you, Seretta Kem is here. Yes, you have indeed made progress. You have consistently brought yourselves further up the scale of Light. Indeed you now are at what would be the equivalent of the fifth sphere in your prayers and the conditions within the dark room. I must congratulate you on these efforts for this is a difficult level to attain. Yet you have, along with our efforts and collaboration, achieved a significant goal. This brings us great joy to know that you have indeed fulfilled a request from us to make those efforts required to be at that level of Light and Love and harmony as you pray together in the room dark.

You have questions about the implements upon the table. Some of you have seen the energies that swirl about these objects as we continue to obtain the energies required through you and through the instrumentalities of those in spirit to bring these energies forth in a material manifestation. The trumpet did indeed move, my friends, very slightly but indeed it did. The glass jar was filled with ectoplasm not fully formed or strong enough to create something visible to the naked eye, but we are getting there, my friends, we are getting to that point. In the next little while I would venture to say that there will be manifestations in your circle. Of course it is reliant upon your efforts, your harmony, your desire, your joy and your love to bring about these manifestations. It is the power of Divine Love within your souls, beloveds, and the work of those many angels that surround you and spirits that have created the conditions thus far in a very short order. For these conditions are not easily attained in this world. Yet there is still further to go, for is not our goal to bring Direct Voice to the light of day?

Firstly we must bring Direct Voice to the darkened room so that you may see for yourselves what can be attained through diligence and through great effort. Yet we just begin, my friends, in this regard, we just begin. For these conditions must be elevated further. We have great confidence that you will indeed bring these conditions further by your efforts and your prayers. Pray for this, my friends. Pray that God will bring what is required, to bless it within you, to bless it all about you - this Light, these elevated conditions and energies. To elevate your physical bodies to a place where they can withstand the stress of forming manifestations through ectoplasm. This is hard on any physical body. It is not a natural state of affairs that this substance is used in this way. It is possible as you well know, but it does have its price and it does wear upon your bodies. So you must be strong physically to withstand these conditions and these manifestations drawing out from yourselves so that these things may be seen by the naked eye. Coupled with this challenge comes the desire to bring the highest forth in this way. 
Again this is difficult and challenging not only for you but for us as well.

To bring the Celestial angels down to this plane with such a great rapport with you who work with them, with us so that there may be manifestations of this nature. This is why we ask you to bring your conditions ever higher, making it possible for us to make a deep rapport with you, drawing us into this earth plane in such a way that we are in harmony with you, that we are not under a great deal of duress for this would not accomplish what we wish. Coming into the earth plane, such a dark sphere, has its consequences and challenges for us. But we persist for we have the Grace of God in us, the desire to do this work and to reach humanity. Thus God blesses us as He blesses you so that we may work together and be together in this beautiful way in Light so that Direct Voice may manifest amongst you, in this world for all to see.

You know and you feel that you are getting close. You are not under any illusions, my friends, for we are indeed getting closer. There is indeed potential being realized, possibilities unfolding, manifestations very close, very close, my friends. When these manifestations come into the dark room, remember this is not the end goal. This may be a joyful moment and thus we will all celebrate our success, but it is just one step towards our goal. Do not be content with this only, but realize that a milestone has been made by our common efforts and God's blessings upon us.

The trumpet will move further. It will be used to speak through. The glass will bring light and you may see some spirits manifest in some way through this implement. I know for you in this world such things will be amazing and very rare indeed, but do not rest upon your laurels, my friends, continue to forge ahead towards our goal. 

So, my beloveds, you have made great progress. You have each had a unique experience within this circle. Some of you have had very tangible experiences. This will continue. I would ask you together to focus upon the implements upon the table when you are in prayer in the dark room. Spend a third of your time upon this in the beginning as you hold hands and then you may release your hands and go into deeper prayer. We shall see what comes with this, we shall see. More guidance will be coming. Indeed, we all experiment together seeking ways and means to bring forth these manifestations.

There are many spirits involved and excited by the possibilities. This is a beautiful adventure, is it not, my friends? Have deep faith and know that you are constantly surrounded, protected and in the Light. Continue to be positive in your thoughts, loving in your actions, diligent in your prayers, forthright in your desires to bring about this gift. For this will not come with half measures of efforts. No, my beloveds, the intensity of your efforts, your desire will be the key component to the success. As you continue to grow in your souls, continue to work upon those areas which cause roadblocks upon this path and you will find greater success, more intensity in your experience, more Love flowing into you. It is important that you continue to grow within your souls for we need you to be strong, consistent and not vulnerable to regression to a lower level of soul condition. This is always possible in this world since there is such a force of negativity in this world, that you may indeed succumb to the influence of the darkness. Yet we continue to protect you and be by your side at all times as if we are guarding a great treasure which we are indeed. You are all especially blessed and cherished by us though you need not worry about being in a precarious situation vulnerable to the dark forces. Yet you do not fully understand the power of your own free will and choices. This can trip you up, my friends, take you into precarious situations and thus your consistency in prayer, the purity of your thoughts, the power of your desires must be for the highest, must be for the Light, must be for God.

So do not take the situation that you are in at this time casually or for granted, for you are indeed blessed mightily, given great, great blessings. For those who wish to serve God with such fervor and intensity and desire, they will be blessed accordingly. Thus you are blessed with a great bounty. Your life will indeed change in accordance to the changes within you. Your perceptions will come into harmony with your soul and its faculties. Your capacity to love will intensify with each day and you will have within you a deep compassion for others. This compassion will open doors to greater Light and gifts as God uses you to bless your brothers and sisters.

Your soul is growing, my friends. You are closer to God. You are coming to feel His Grace in a conscious and tangible way. Allow this feeling to warm every part of your being, to uplift you constantly to bring you to deeper awareness, to bring the consciousness of God fully into your lives. This is awakening, my friends, the awakening of your souls. As you climb that ladder of Light so the awakening dawns within you confirming and multiplying the efforts that you have made to be in this Grace. God touches you deeply, my friends, His Love always available to you. Seek this gift above all else. Let this Love continue to transform you even down to your very cells, every part of you infused with His Love. In this way the gift of Direct Voice will manifest as easily and reflectively as is possible. It continues to unfold, my friends. You continue to heed the call and to make these efforts. 

God bless you, beloved, beautiful souls, my friends. May we continue upon this path together. Such joy I feel seeing your lights grow, seeing what manifests amongst you, seeing the power of God's Hand upon you. You continue to thrive in the Light of God. God bless you. My love is with you. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem. I love you. 