---
title: "Achieving Harmony Is All About Focus"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem says Achieving Harmony Is All About Focus"
date: 2020-05-04 09:00:37+10:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 334
---
# Achieving Harmony Is All About Focus

December 10<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C.

Received by Al Fike.

 

I am Seretta Kem. And so we have one more week together in this mighty effort to bring the gift of direct voice forward in your group and forward into this world. And I wish to remind you of our requests regarding diets of both the physical and the mental, of making your day a day of prayer, each one of these days a day of prayer, a commitment to bringing the highest thoughts, the highest Love, the highest Light to your being. And I know it is a human trait when one settles into a routine that one forgets about these small details and efforts. But I ask you again my beloveds to focus upon these elements that are so required to bring into you  the spiritual and physical condition that is required. For now is the big push as you would call it, your greatest efforts must come now. Your dedication must be solidified and harmonized together. You must support one another and to express Love and give unity to your collective purpose and effort.

We are building within each one of you a capacity to exhibit this gift and this is a tremendous undertaking to bring into each one of you, unique, as you are this ability to bring the manifestations and the voice, the Lights and the blessings in powerful ways through you. And thus if you are harmonized together, unified in your thoughts, your voice, your prayer, your efforts we then can utilize the strengths of one for another as the gifts of one for another all blended together into one. But if you harbor resistance, judgment, a lack of Love, if you treat your bodies such that there is disharmony within you where your bodies must function in a way that the energies go toward repairing damage or problems of the physical, then these are energies that cannot be utilized for this purpose, they are diverted. When you indulge your minds into what may seem like trivial thinking then again the energies of your mind are not focused upon the higher thoughts, the prayerful desires of the soul. When your chemistry is out of balance, your physical chemistry, we cannot bring forth these gifts readily. 

There are many aspects and layers, which need to be harmonized and unified amongst you, and we ask you, my beloved souls, to not only bring the highest of yourselves within the dark room but to bring that condition over which you have a choice, into each moment. You are capable of this my beloveds. Each of you are capable of bringing the highest thoughts, the loving thoughts, the earnest prayers, drawing to you great Light and Love with each moment whether awake or asleep. Be prayerful, re-dedicate yourselves to these efforts, commit yourselves to the outcomes that are possible. Let go of any resistance or sense of failure or lack of interest. Bring your enthusiasm forward my beloveds. Know within yourselves that deep place within you, that great joy and desire to serve God.

We have asked you to step through the threshold, that threshold that separates your conscious minds with the mind of your soul. And we have been working diligently to help you to come to that place of awareness, understanding of the difference and the possibility of harmonizing these two aspects of yourselves. I would suggest that you continue so that those of you that have felt that you have not passed through this threshold make this a priority at this time and we will help you to come to that place of recognition and connection in a conscious way between your souls and your mind. It is not so far away my beloveds, it is very close. These two parts of yourselves are already operating in vital ways within you. All that is needed is for you to allow a powerful connection between the two. At times you feel this, often in the dark room you recognize it, so try to bring this connection and awareness to every moment of your day. This is a powerful tool to bring about these gifts, for there is one part of you focused in one direction and the other in another. This creates a cross purpose within you. 

Harmony is all about focus my beloveds, and focusing on the highest, focusing on the purpose at hand, focusing with joy and Love and wisdom. This is entirely possible given the circumstances that you find yourselves in at this time surrounded by the angels, blessed by God so beautifully and powerfully, abundantly. You feel yourselves ascending in the dark room, you feel the power of this, the blessing of this. Now feel yourselves doing so outside of the dark room. Do not separate these two times in your day but be ever vigilant and aware of God’s mighty hand upon you and the presence of the angels with you. For it is our desire to assist you in this upliftment of your condition and Light so that this may be a recognizable and common condition within you. Again the idea of creating patterns within your awareness, your thinking and your spiritual condition, we are doing our upmost to establish these patterns within you and you must assist yourselves by recognizing these patterns and reinforcing them within you, not going back to old and tired ways of thinking and doing. But embracing the new, the fresh, the vital that is being blessed to you with each moment, each breath. Make this your true way of being in the world. Allow these gifts to truly take root within you. Prove to yourself and show to your Heavenly Father what you are truly capable of, what great potentials lay within you, what beautiful Lights you are. Truly know this within you; truly be this with every moment.

And with just a hint of a step back from this you must say no, I move forward, I will move forward in this Light. I embrace this beautiful and new part of myself that emerges from these great blessings from God. From His Love infusing into me the harmony and the changes that are of God and of Love. Yes we challenge you thus, and in the beginning we explained to you that this task would not be easy, that we would be calling upon you to exert yourself as never before and to bring yourselves to a place of great Light and harmony. To recognize the desires of your soul and to express those desires in your life. And so we have come to that place where you have recognized and acknowledged these aspects of yourselves, so beautiful. Now you must embrace these things within you with all your hearts. They must be a part of you expressed overtly in Light, in Truth. That this Light that is not a Light that flickers on and off in accordance to your Will, desires and your actions, but must be fully lit, because you have allowed this and desired this and enacted this in a conscious way. This is strength my beloveds, this is true commitment and true understanding. 

In essence we have done everything possible to bring this gift forward amongst you but if this level of harmony, if this unity both within you and amongst you is not reached, then this gift cannot be granted my beloved souls. Now the onus rests upon you, your choice, your efforts. 

You must not fool yourselves; you must be truly honest and come to recognize the Truths that you know and how the laws of God and His Love operate. You must put these Truths into action. Lay them forth in faith and action, applying all the powers of your soul, all the blessings of God, all the support that you receive through the angels in order to bring about the completion of this work. There is time, it is available to you to bring this gift forward. It is a gift so beautiful, precious and powerful than any have been able to express this in the way that is intended in this world. You are given a great opportunity my beloveds. Are you willing to make that final step to release those last things which hold you back from truly completing this task? Often the last is the hardest; it can also be most subtle. Small things, old habits so reflexive they are hardly noticed and parts of you that are blind to these aspects that are unloving and not motivated by Love.

We do not condemn you my beloveds souls because of these parts of yourselves that still remain in the shadows. This is the human condition, what you have done thus far for the benefit of your souls, the benefit of your beings is remarkable and we applaud you for your efforts. But you have willingly committed yourself to something that is not just remarkable but extraordinary and thus it requires extraordinary efforts from you and from us, all blessed by God. 

And so we begin this new week with renewed vigor and desire, applying what you have learned, expressing greater Love. Being in the flow of God’s Love each moment, allowing all that is meant to come to you, to flow into you, to be around you, to be with each moment. Everything that you require has been given, but part of this task requires what you give to yourselves in your efforts and your moment by moment decisions. This is your part of the bargain my beloveds, you must take this seriously, you must contemplate what parts of this bargain you have not taken into account and have not exercised in Love. I leave you with these comments and requests. I do so in Love. You know you are loved and whatever you decide, whatever you do, whatever the outcome is of these efforts, that Love never changes. Those blessings continue to be yours, though what you desire at this moment will determine the outcomes of what is to come. So may you be successful my beloveds, may we all be successful in these efforts. And may the wonderment of this gift truly be established amongst you. A true blessing given in Love by God. 

May we all find our ways to higher Light, greater Love and true unification in this wondrous project that we share together. May God bless us mightily. May you be open to the great blessings that God desires to give to you my beloveds and may Love enter into every part of yourselves and every aspect of this venture. God bless you my beloveds. I am Seretta Kem and I Love you dearly and I continue to serve you, to assist you in this great and wondrous effort. God bless you. God bless you.