---
title: "Answer to H’s Questions"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem gives the Answer to H’s Questions"
date: 2017-11-05 15:56:59+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 312
---
# Answer to H’s Questions


June 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

It is Seretta Kem here and you and the dear soul over the waters have invited me to answer some questions which I will attempt to do. As for the need for a cabinet and trumpets, this is a lower vibrational mechanism which we hope will not be needed in your efforts, but I must emphasize that preparation and soul condition and harmony amongst you will determine these factors. These mechanisms can be helpful but we are hopeful that they will not be needed. So, it is important that you continue in your prayers and efforts to bring light and harmony amongst you and within you, and that you focus on the highest always so that these material mechanisms are not necessary, and should not be necessary for the development of this gift.

The element of ectoplasm is contained within every cell of the human body. It is part of the life force, and when a body is in harmony and healthy, it affects the amount of ectoplasm within the body. Now for each one of you there is a requirement that is somewhat different in terms of diet and chemistry of the body. Some are more gifted with the amounts of ectoplasm within that body. This substance can be enhanced and nurtured so that there is more than what there normally would be. In some respects you will incubate ectoplasm within you given that you follow the guidance that you require in order to do so. 

There are certain basic elements that are required within your physiology that will help to enhance the ectoplasmic content within each cell. For each body it is important that there is a high level of hydration in the body. I would suggest that each of you drink water on a regular basis and pure water, no liquid substitutions. I have already given this instrument some guidance regarding phosphorous. It is important to maintain a high level of phosphorous within the system. This, too, helps to incubate the levels of ectoplasm and how that phosphorous is obtained is your choice for there are many sources of this chemical. 

A high level of calcium is also beneficial and that may be obtained by many different sources. You may take supplements if that is what is convenient for you. This instrument is surprised to understand that chlorophyll is important and would be difficult for me to explain why, for he does not have a background in chemistry but the nutrients that come from leafy green plants enhance the vitality of the cell which in turn enhances the vitality and the existence of ectoplasm. So do these three chemicals that I have mentioned in balance help to nurture the levels of ectoplasm. 

Each of you is required to come forth into this group with optimal conditions on many different levels including your physical condition. Each of you intuitively knows what that means. When you indulge in the foods that are not beneficial to your body if you are in tune enough you realize this. I would suggest that you do not let the cravings of your mind dictate your diet. These cravings are the result of very ingrained habits which you have created primarily because of the cultural conditions where you live and the foods that are prevalent and popular within your culture. Many of these foods are not necessarily beneficial. They give pleasure to your taste buds but not necessarily nutrients to your body. Yes, I would suggest that you may eliminate the consumption of alcohol and if this is difficult, you may indeed imbibe in a very moderate way and modestly so. We do not wish to restrict the pleasures of life so completely that you feel that you are imprisoned in a certain ideology of dietary thinking. No, this is not necessary but you have asked what will enhance your physiology, especially in regards to developing Direct Voice and we are all too happy to answer. If each of you pray about this and when you have food set before you and you go within and become aware of your own soul acknowledgement of what is beneficial, you will receive the answers that you require. You will be helped. Yes, I know it is difficult to break old habits and dare I say addictions to certain foods but think of the benefits, my beloveds, not only the benefits to your efforts to Direct Voice, but also benefits towards your health and well being. Each of you in this circle have your own individual challenges regarding your health and those things which are manifesting within your body. Think of this as an opportunity to correct some of these difficulties and at the other end of this sojourn you will find greater vitality and better health. Such benefits will come with these efforts and blessings.

As for the physiology regarding Direct Voice and the use of ectoplasm, this is a more complex matter but our dear and beloved instrument from across the way has some inklings as to what is involved and if she prays about this she will receive some guidance because she has the material knowledge that will guide her through the process of understanding. Remember, this physiology goes to the very basic cellular level. The vitality and chemistry of the cell is very important in this regard. So, each cell within your body must be optimally nourished and the energy patterns and meridians within the physical body need to be clear and flowing free, as well as the circulation and respiratory system. For a well functioning body will make it far easier for us to work with in the development of Direct Voice. 

This is a physical manifestation. It requires the use of a body and bodies of the instruments involved. There is no way of circumventing this necessity, for ectoplasm is a physical substance even though it is not readily perceived by the physical senses. Nonetheless, it exists and it becomes visible because of the manipulations that we in spirit perform and chemical operations which allow this substance to be seen in plain sight to those of you in this world. Our challenges in regards to this are many, partly to do with the age of the participants as there are many toxins and elements that impinge upon the free flow of nutrients and energy as well as the functioning of each metabolic and respiratory system within these bodies, but these can be overcome. The greatest factor regarding the success of these ventures is the amount of Divine Love that is present within your souls. This will overcome many obstacles presented by the physical body and we will work diligently to help repair and enhance your physiology. Already we have begun in this regard and we will continue for our desire and I’m sure your desire, is that you are in optimal health and a state of well-being.

The second most vital factor regarding your participation in this project is in regards to your desire. Have a deep desire and willingness to participate, be enthusiastic, joyful, open, and accepting. It is important to be loving towards one another and to allow God to work through you. His great Blessing will be upon each one carrying you forward upon this journey. 

Resistance will kill this project. If you are at all resistant, my beloveds, you plant a seed that will grow and cause this beautiful, tender shoot to wither and die. This is why we encourage you to dedicate yourselves towards this. All of you must desire this and be willing to follow the prescriptions that will be given, such as I have spoken of today. We understand that this is quite unusual for Celestial Angels to prescribe and indicate what is required in such detail. This is exceptional and our desire is not to overwhelm you or overtake your free will, no my beloveds, but you have asked for instruction and we are providing such and of course, it is your choice to follow or not. But I am giving you this warning, my beloveds, that if you cannot follow to the degree that you are able these simple instructions, then you are not ready to develop this gift, it cannot be successful without this prescribed formula for success.

We cannot expect you to understand the complexities and the power that is required to bring this gift at the highest level. If you had but a glimpse, you would feel overwhelmed by the responsibility of what is required. So a certain innocence is beneficial, my beloveds, a trusting and the exercising of your faith that all will fall into place as required as long as you listen and express the truth in this regard. We do not ask too much of you, my beloveds, but we must ask enough so that we may work in partnership and harmony. In this way what we offer from our side of life may be accepted and utilised from your side, because if we do not forge this powerful link between us on every level, it will not allow us to be successful in this venture. There are certain mechanisms that must be functional, that must work in order to allow the mechanism of Direct Voice to manifest.

Now, I will tell you this, my beloveds, that you can already manifest Direct Voice on a lower level. It is easily within your grasp. It would require very little on your part to do so. But this is not what we are aiming for, are we? We are aiming for a gift that will be utilised by God and the Angels to inform your brothers and sisters on this planet in ways that will be revelatory and powerful and truthful. For as times of change encroach upon you, there will be many opportunities for you to utilise this gift and bring guidance and truth forward. 

The conditions of this world will be such that many will be in a state of bewilderment and will be hungering for answers. Though many of you may speak the truth in eloquent ways and give these answers through your own voice or as a channel and medium, this will not suffice for many, for they do not understand these mechanisms. They do not give credibility to your words for this will be a time of great mistrust and worry and fear. But when the truth is manifested in such a powerful way and this will not only be through Direct Voice but through the manifestations of Spirit, of the beautiful souls within the Celestial World and some within the Spirit World. A great credibility will be given through these manifestations. Yes, you will speak with your own voice, and with the voice of angels, but in conjunction with this gift that will be given, attention will be focused upon you. Many souls will be opened to these truths and what is required to bring peace to your world and harmony. 

So this is a magnificent project that requires a great deal of effort upon your part and upon every level of your being. We are happy that you are asking these questions and sincerely attempting to rectify imbalances within your physical body, to discipline your thoughts, and to continue to pray for God’s Love and for the success of this project. It is always a matter of degree: the degree of your commitment, the degree of your understanding, the degree of your longing, the desire that you have to serve mankind. This varies day to day, does it not within your minds? You are easily distracted. You continue to manifest and nurture those emotions within you that are not in harmony with Love. You are human and all of these human dynamics are still present within your minds and within your life. Yet, we see that each day you continue to reach for something beyond this state and that now you have a goal to reach, beloveds. Is this not enough to help you to focus, to motivate you to change, to allow Love to shine in every part of your life and being? 

So much awaits you, beloveds, a great work, a beautiful destiny. As you well know, what will come rests upon your decisions, your capacity to choose light over darkness, harmony over disharmony. You cannot fool yourselves. No, the time for extreme honesty is now, to acknowledge what stands in your way, what keeps you from harmony and light. I can assure you it is not your souls, for your souls, each one, burns bright in Love. No, my beloveds, it is your material mind, that material reality that you nurture so well with your thoughts, your emotions, that reality that is now obsolete. Yet, in your heart of hearts, you cannot accept this and you are fearful of what this new reality looks like. You look all around you in your life, a life that you have built, a reality that you have built through your thoughts and actions. It is a great investment, I know. You have put much into it, and yet much of it has been built upon sand that will wash away soon. In these preparations you begin to build a new foundation upon the rock of Truth. You have been working on this for many years but now you must focus on this and live in the way that is in harmony with God’s Love and be in harmony within yourselves. For there is little to gain by putting your faith within that which mankind has built for this is soon to crumble. You must build within yourself a solid foundation, unassailable by the darkness. This is not to say that you are going to live in this world in a way that is so detached that you cannot function here — no, my beloveds, certainly not. You will move in this world with much greater fluidity and ability on all levels. But your perceptions of the world, of reality, will be very different and this indeed can be challenging for you to be in this world but not of this world. Yet you have the support of the Angels and God’s Hand upon you to guide you through. 

As times become more challenging, you will need this strength. You will require a sense of detachment from all your material luxuries and benefits. Though you will be taken care of, you must accept that life will change. For God is sweeping over this Earth a great wave that will disrupt the conditions that mankind has built and bring about greater harmony and healing. For God does not wish the world to fall into ruin. God wishes for this world to be in light and harmony, to be a world that is predicated upon love, to be a world that will indeed supply the needs, the physical needs of mankind but not in this inharmonious and imbalanced way. 

Mankind has much to learn and will be forced to learn, beloveds, because they have chosen a difficult path; you have all chosen a difficult path and unfortunately this harshness will cause much grief for all of you. But you, beloveds, will bring the truth. You will be used to bring the truth and to help mankind rebuild, reorganize, shift their thinking and recognize their souls and the needs of their souls. 

So within your soul you acknowledge this appointment by God to be His Messengers of Truth and God has guided your life in such a way that you have learned much. Your souls have grown in His Love. You have been nurtured deeply, educated thoroughly, shown the way. God has provided you with all that you require to teach this Truth. Now the time comes for you to acknowledge your soul’s destiny, to realize that this is your choice from deep within, that you are meant to speak this Truth to the world. When you are equipped with such gifts as Direct Voice, with many manifestations all about you, with the power of God’s Love flowing copiously through you, many, many souls will be drawn and much guidance will be given. 

Much rests upon you, my beloveds. Do not worry or be fearful of this. Be joyful that you are given this opportunity for the rewards you will have when it is your time to pass into the world of Spirit will be many. In time your place within the Celestial Kingdom will be assured. In this short time upon this Earth, you will have made a great impact as a soul of light, a channel of Love, an instrument of God’s Will. 

I must reiterate that all is dependent upon your choices each day, what you are willing to give towards harmony, how you are willing to live in harmony and what you are willing to give up in the name of Truth and the acknowledgement of Love. It is your choice, beloveds, it cannot be anything but your choice. But I tell you, your souls have already chosen. It is time for your minds to accept the great desires of your soul. In that joyful acknowledgement, all else will flow and come into harmony. God will guide you so and we love you and support you upon this journey of awakening and acknowledgement of the Truth. 

God bless you, beloveds, I am Seretta Kem and I love you. God bless you.
