---
title: "A Question about the 7th Sphere"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem gives an answer to A Question about the 7th Sphere"
date: 2017-11-22 16:51:35+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 322
---
# A Question about the 7th Sphere

November 14<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I wish to thank you my daughter for directing this instrument to rest. For though he may see and discern the angels, he has a great deal of trouble understanding his own needs. And at times he needs promptings from those who are wise, such as yourself beloved daughter. And you have asked a question regarding the conditions that are necessary to bring forth the direct voice in your group. And we have given many instructions regarding this, and there is an idea that your souls must attain the condition of the 7th sphere in order to be successful with this venture. This is a misunderstanding possibly because the language used was ambiguous. You must understand that bringing messages through an instrument may cause some confusion at times, because the concept is unclear and you must always take these things to prayer beloved souls. Come to your own conclusions. There are very few who have lived in this world who have attained the 7th sphere condition within their souls before they have left into spirit, very few indeed. And we do not suggest that this is a criteria for you to be successful with the direct voice. But we may be able to help to bring you to that condition of the 7th sphere while you sit together in development for direct voice. This is a possibility and we have mentioned that in the beginning we will be utilizing the spirits of the 5th sphere to help with your development, for this is a more feasible condition from which to work. 

Now I do not suggest that you abandon the idea of developing your souls to that pristine condition, for this is always possible, but it would require a great deal of prayer and effort on your part to come to that place, which for each of you would be almost impossible to understand at this stage of your development and your soul condition. It is much beyond reach and our intention is not to place before you an unrealistic goal. It is a possibility, however, as you continue to pray for the Divine Love to enter your souls, to uplift you into higher realms and conditions of Love. Each day that you pray, each day that you come together in harmony, you are inching towards these beautiful conditions as your soul expands in the Father’s Love. Do you not feel this my beloveds? This improves the awareness of Love where those conditions of obstructions that are not of Love continue to fall away from you, within your minds, within your dreams and within your souls. You have experiences that prompt you to pray to release these conditions that have vexed you for many years. 

Because we have been working diligently to assist you in this aspect of soul cleansing and we have prayed intensely that God may touch your soul deeply. We have prayed that He may put an intense desire within you to be with Him in this way. We bring the Light that we carry to surround you, envelope you and inspire you to deeper prayer, to a deeper desire to receive these gifts of Love. We have said many times, it is the power of God’s Love that will bring you to the condition, the Light, the energetic qualities and aspects that are required to bring about the manifestations of direct voice. Not only in a darkened room but outside of the darkened room. As to what level we may obtain, is dependent upon your prayers and your efforts to reach God.

I would say now that you have obtained something close to the 4th sphere in some of your prayers in the darkened room. As such, you have experienced many things, for many things are possible in this condition. And they feel tangible, do they not? There is certainly a condition that is full of cues and experiences indicating changes within you and around you. We are making progress beloved souls, we are making progress indeed, but we do not ask the impossible, merely that you follow our instructions, that you continue to pray earnestly and that you continue to build harmony amongst you. There is no need to argue about concepts and ideas regarding spirituality or even regarding this effort for direct voice. These are merely of the mind and inconsequential. For we encourage you to go to your souls, to direct your energies, your consciousness to that place of Love, that place of knowing that is not truly of the mind, the material mind, but of the mind of the soul. You are discovering such a thing exists within you, a different form of mind, a different form of consciousness that brings to you a deeper understanding of which we have discussed in previous communications. I would suggest you re-read those messages regarding the mind of the soul. For with this you will obtain a deeper understanding of what it is you are working towards. For that beautiful mind can give you many answers as the mind of your soul is connected with God, and God communicates through this mind, this part of you so new and tender emerging from the power of God’s Love changing your soul in beautiful ways. 

As you continue, there will be many changes, many shifts of awareness and a deeper capacity to Love and more joy. You will release those conditions of stress, anxiety, confusion and accept this gift that God has to give you which is joy. A deep understanding which brings greater joy. For within each one of you is the capacity to truly perceive in this way, for your souls are ignited by the Father’s Love. Your souls are building these perceptions and capacities which will allow you to see clearly and as this happens you then progress through these conditions and will in time reach the 7th sphere or the equivalent within your soul. But as we have said, there is a long way to go as of yet. So many layers of understanding and perception of Truth need to come to your consciousness for this to be a reality. Though we encourage you to grow in this way as the Love flows into your souls, the purpose of this group is not to open up these awarenesses and understandings quickly. For it would take a great deal of your time and energy to do so, for your prayers and your efforts to reach God. No, we have another project, do we not? Something that does not require the mind to be fully aware in this way. 

It is sufficient for the soul to be open absorbing God’s Love with each drop coming to you as you move and live in this world for this time together. And each drop is like a fire that burns within your soul providing a way to move forward igniting the mind of the soul, igniting the capacities and faculties of the soul. And insights come, deep and profound, in many ways bringing a deep healing and a release from the burdens that you carry from this earthly life. This is required, as these insights come of conditions buried deep within you that obstruct the flow of Love, that you are to release them and that you are to become more pure within yourselves. In this way you assist us, you bring us closer to you. And we do descend to your condition and assist you my beloveds, this is a law. With the earnest desire of God’s Love expressed through your soul and consciousness to God, so come the angels from the celestial heavens. This allows us to make rapport, this opens the door to communication. For I am not some replica of myself in heaven, I am who I am with you at this moment in rapport with you. I am here and I have been able to make this rapport because of your efforts and desires. God allows this condition to manifest and be with you so that we may communicate and be together this moment. There may also be times in various circles and groups where spirits of lower planes may communicate on behalf of our efforts. This is not always the situation, but at times this way of communication may play its part in making contact with earnest souls desiring Truth. 

Each of you has a beautiful mind and you continue to build this Light within you through prayer. There is no need to have intermediaries communicating with you. We are here with you beloved souls. This is a tremendous gift to you, a gift given by the Father’s Love and care for each one of you. Given because you earnestly desire to serve, to be a part of this venture, sanctioned by God, blessed by His Hand, and so this allows us to come. And this is why we encourage to you take advantage of these conditions that God has blessed you with in order to benefit your own soul and to benefit and make possible the development of this gift. 

You see God provides all, God gives to you what you require, God makes possible many blessings and gifts as long as you have the faith and the trust and the desire so that you bring the Love to you, God’s Holy Spirit to touch you through your prayers. This is the miracle of the Love, the power of the Love of God. Despite the dark conditions in this world you bring the fire brand of Love to your soul, and with this comes the angels accompanying this gift, accompanying the Holy Spirit that brings a Light from the soul of God to you, to each one. This is what you are to teach your brothers and sisters, this miracle of the communion of God, His soul with your soul, and what this brings, what gifts come of this. 

Please do not think that God cannot touch you directly, powerfully, beautifully, or that His angels cannot come to be with you, for they do, they are with you. And as your conditions become lighter and more in harmony with God’s laws, so you will be able to feel our presence more clearly. You will come to know us, your friends, your teachers, your helpers in this world. It is you that puts the barrier in between us and yourselves. If you cannot accept and understand how it is possible that the angels of Heaven can be with you, and yet I do not see this amongst you, this lack of faith, no, to the contrary you all desire this and to some degree you are aware that we are with you. Hold on to that awareness, that knowledge; allow it to sink deep within you, into your souls. And in this acceptance and the acquiescence of the material mind, will come the deeper awarenesses of our presence and of the Love and of God. For this is what the soul has to give to you and you to your soul, this wonderful understanding, the opening of your eyes, the awakening of your being to greater Truth and deeper awareness. 

May you continue to open to the wonderment of God’s Creation, the beauty of His blessings, the power of His Love within your souls. Because many, many blessings await, so much is still to be revealed to you, so much. What you know is merely the tip of the iceberg, and you continue to glean further knowledge with each day. With each day your eyes open a little wider, your souls become a little purer and more beautiful as those concepts of your material mind become absorbed by the Truth and knowledge of your soul. Allow this to be my friends, allow this to be. And when that time comes, when you carry this gift forward into the world, you will be equipped with a profound understanding and knowledge that will make you a teacher of Truth, that carries the power that is required to stand up in this world and speak with authority and Love. You will have such deep inspiration and deep understanding that many will wonder at the beauty of your words and the power of your presence and the grace that you carry. And this coupled with the blessings and manifestations that will accompany you, many eyes will be opened, many souls will be inspired. And God’s plan for the salvation of mankind will be present in what you do and have its affects in the world. 

Do you not feel yourselves climbing higher into the Light, sensing that you are close to God indeed the Light of God’s presence? His Peace that passes all understanding, His Love so beautiful, are with you at this moment. Drink deep these blessings, be with God and we will also be with you in your prayers, in this Light.

God bless you, I am Seretta Kem and I have a deep Love for each one. God bless you. 