---
title: "Be Strong in the Love, for others need you in this world"
menu_title: ""
description: "Mahatma Gandhi says Be Strong in the Love, for others need you in this world"
date: 2017-11-22 16:51:35+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 322
---
# Be Strong in the Love, for others need you in this World

November 16<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I am Mahatma Gandhi, I have spoken to you before my friends and I wish to reiterate my enthusiasm, my desire to work with you with this ambitious venture to bring Truth to mankind through the voice of the angels and the high spirits of Heaven. May we indeed all work together to these ends. May we indeed be successful in this venture, for what better time to bring forth the Truth from higher stations of life in the spirit world and the angelic world. And to do so now! The world needs these Truths desperately, does it not? 

You will have to put a great deal of effort into bringing these Truths forth into the world. For the world often is not interested in something that will make them change their ways. So many are stuck in their ways of thinking, in their ways of doing and do not consider that the power of Love, the power of God which will bring much in the way of benefit to them. For so many are engaged in the pursuit of the material. And in many parts of the world, your brothers and sisters can only think of survival, of having enough food for one day. This is sad, is it not? When you see all around you such plenty and those in other parts of your world must struggle so. Is this not a sin? This must be rectified and for mankind to see what must be done, they require soul wisdom to truly look within their hearts and see how a part of their hearts has turned to stone, where they do not care for those brothers and sisters in far off lands who suffer so. 

And so you must awaken them, my friends, awaken them with words of Truth, awaken them with love, awaken them so that they may at least look at what we have all done in this world to bring such inequity, such suffering. Yes it is difficult for mankind to see this with a sense of responsibility. Is it better to push away these thoughts, to live in a world that gratifies and is insulated from these situations and conditions where so many suffer? Now we must all turn our eyes to the Truth, for without acknowledging the Truth, the suffering will grow and many more will be victims of the gross errors and sinful behaviors that humanity has fostered for so very long. 

I applaud your efforts my friends to bring Truth. Do not forget your brothers and sisters in the world who suffer so from hunger and deprivation. For they cannot even drink some water that is pure and they cannot obtain food when their bellies are empty. They cannot see beyond the severity of their own hunger and needs and until the poor are fed, you cannot teach them Truth. If you go through life without a sense of these inequities, you cannot truly expound the Truth of God’s Love. For Love encompasses all children of this world, does it not? True understanding comes when the soul is awakened and sees for itself the true conditions of this world, and rather than hide away, this brings a deeper resolution, a desire to bring harmony to the world. Yes this is a great task, a very great task and there is much work to do my friends. You cannot do this alone and there will be others who will join you and there are many others on my side of life who gather around you with a great hope that you will be successful in your efforts - that God awakens you sufficiently through His Love that you may bring Love wherever you go and Truth wherever you travel in this world. In this way you may inspire those who have such great wealth to make an effort to solve these dreadful problems in the world. 

How can it be that you live a life with such sophistication and yet so many in this world have nothing? This is not right; this is not harmony or balance, and these issues need to be addressed and it is my deep desire to speak to humanity in this way. To bring an awakening that can solve some of these problems, for God has much to give to each soul provided they are able and willing to receive and in this they must live the Truth as best they can. That Truth includes a great Love and compassion for all humanity - to think of each soul in this world as truly your brothers and sisters. Walk in a Light that includes all without judgment, without anger, but with Love and acceptance. Yes there is much to do, so very much to do, and we in the world of spirit will work tirelessly to bring greater Light to this world - more equity, more balance and more Love. 

You make a great effort my friends. You are to be recognized for the purity of your desires. And I do not wish to place before you a sense that you are inadequate to the task, for surely you are, surely you have the strength. Though the problems of this world are great and complex, yet when you go to God, is it not so that these complexities melt away into a simple and pure perception, that Love will indeed bring harmony to this world. Seek this Love, my friends. It is the way to Truth and to solutions and much is coming to this world that will in time bring many solutions, many Truths and much change for the better. May you be a part of this great wave of changing conditions of greater Light and harmony. You are well on your way and many of us on my side of life have a great deal of enthusiasm and hope for the success of your venture. We are with you, we stand by you and we pray for each one of you. For the world needs beautiful souls like yourself and the world needs for you to be strong my friends, sure of the Truth and living this Truth with each breath. It cannot be any other way, for to be a true channel of God and His Love, you must be true to God and His Love. There is no compromise, it must be so. For in this Truth, in the purity of your Light, in the sincerity of your words and in the power of the Love within your souls, you will touch many. God will use you in powerful ways to bring this Light to the world.  Continue to bring your conditions further up into the Light, to work diligently to bring harmony to yourselves and insight into God’s blessings always, always. Go to God, the source of all, and God will respond in wondrous ways. This is a Truth. For as you seek, you will find, as you Love, so there will be Love in your lives, and you will be strong enough to hold back the darkness and to push it back and bring Truth. This is my wish for you my friends. Bring Truth and Light into the darkness and help whoever you can to come to the realization that they are loved and God is Love. That His Love may indeed come into their souls and bring many, many benefits and great change within. 

God bless you my friends, I am Mahatma Gandhi. I bring my Love. I embrace you all as my true friends, my true friends. God bless you.