---
title: "Bonded for Eternity"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine says we are Bonded for Eternity"
date: 2020-05-06 08:06:52+10:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 330
---
# Bonded

December 13<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C.

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you, your teacher Augustine is here. Yes indeed the chains have been broken, the chains of the human condition around you all. And you have forged new chains, chains of Love, chains of Truth, chains that will support you and connect you in the future. Chains that are grown with Love connecting one with another. You now have each other beloved souls. You now can rely upon one another for Love and support to work together as you move forth in the world as His channels of Love. As you continue to bring the Truth to mankind you will have one another, for you have sworn an oath amongst you have you not? You have said: “I will be your brother and your sister in this work” and you have given your time and your Love, you have come together, some of you with great effort to be in this circle of seven. God chose each one of you my beloveds, God brought you together for a purpose and that purpose is being forged with every breath. 

It is just beginning, it is just unfolding and you must rely upon one another because in the coming days and weeks and years, you will need one another. Now you have gotten glimpses into the souls of your brothers and sisters. You have heard their words, their prayers, you have felt their Love. You have perceptions of each one and you realize that together you are a strong and mighty force for good and for Light. May God guide you beloved souls through this world in such a way that you will touch many souls and bring great Truths. You are truly now His instruments of Light in the world. You have been tested, you have been blessed, you have been educated and your eyes begin to open, your souls to awaken and many gifts are now poised to come to you. To be used for the betterment of mankind, though you may still see with a vision of this small circle in this little place upon this world, there is a great plan unfolding in your lives, a magnificent plan and you, my beloveds, have a future  endowed with great blessings and opportunities. You have come to trust one another, to Love one another and each of you will be guided, will receive your own guidance and understanding as to God’s plan. You must listen my beloved souls, listen deeply to God’s whisperings within your soul and to act upon what is given, to see the possibilities not only for yourselves but for all of you to act upon this guidance, these directions that will be given. And with the experiences that you have had together in these several weeks, you now must trust in the perceptions that you have and that all have together. To work together in harmony my beloveds, to walk this path of service and Love in very creative ways, of journeys that are not yet seen clearly but will come clear and service that begins to awaken yet is not yet clear. This requires faith my beloveds, requires trust in God, trust in your own abilities, the strength of the Love within your souls and trust in each other. 

You are now bonded for all eternity my beloveds. You share something quite unique, experiences deep and profound, awakenings beautiful to behold. Cherish one another; embrace each other as true brothers and sisters, and know this is just the beginning of a wondrous road to be travelled by you all, as God continues to pour out His Blessings to Light the road ahead. To bring you forward in two’s and three’s and all together in various forms of service in this world. As you have learned how to Love one another, to open your hearts to one another in ever deeper ways despite conditions that you have carried with you for many years, experiences of the world which have lead you into pain and mistrust at times. You have overcome these things together and thus you start a new day, a new day, a fresh start. Please do not allow the old patterns of your minds, those old prejudices and biases, to cause you to withhold Love and trust and acceptance. You may re-ignite these things within you for they are still lodged within your minds, but their power is gone, dissolved by Love. So now you face the choice to ignore the promptings of old memories and ideas that are not of Love or to walk forward with the wisdom of your souls, the knowing’s of your souls and making this the way in which you will walk in your life. 

Yes so much has changed within you my beloveds, much more than you realize at this very moment, for it will take some time to truly become aware of the awakenings and shifts within you if you continue to pray and to walk in this world a little further. You will see through the experiences that you will have, how you have changed and how much more powerful you are as a channel of Love for God. As you integrate these things within you, so these gifts that you have prayed for, that begin to open like a budding flower will come to the fore, and will be used by God to inspire many souls. His plan for the salvation of mankind is a plan to awaken mankind from their slumbers, from their ignorance, from their darkness, their pain and their lack of Love. And who will lead them my beloveds, but those who have been awakened. Thus you begin to move and stretch from your slumbers, to open your eyes, to feel the freshness of a new day, and you will approach your new day with new eyes, a fresh beginning. Allow all that God has given you to settle deeply within so that you may fully awaken and that you will rise above to meet these gifts that are given, to truly be ready and prepared for the work that follows.

Trust in this new self, these new ways in this awakening that some of you still continue to doubt, to truly embrace. Trust in God’s Hand upon you beloved souls, and turn to one another when you need support and clarity and Love. Give this, beloved souls, to one another, strengthen those bonds of Love, those golden chains.For as you do so you become stronger and Love flows from you to one another. Yes, God has chosen you for a reason my beloveds, His wisdom deep and great, His purpose direct and powerful. Rise up and meet this invitation from God that you may say: “I am willing, and I am ready to serve you in Love, to be a channel of Love and Truth in this world and be receptive to all that I have to give beloved Father in this great work and purpose that you have bestowed upon me. I will live in this Truth, I will express Love, I will serve diligently in the name of Truth, in my honoring of your gifts to me, your gifts of Love and Light and life.”

Beloveds, my beloveds, may you walk in this Light always. May you walk together in Love always and know wherever you are, you are together in a Loving bond that shall never be broken. God bless you my beloveds. I am your teacher Augustine and I Love you dearly and I too shall join you as one of your members serving this world, as will many others from my side of life. Remember my beloveds, you are never alone, you are always Loved and you are endowed with many gifts, the greatest of all is His Love. God bless you and keep you in His Light. God bless you.

