---
title: "Centers of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Jesus speaks of Centers of Light"
date: 2018-01-09 00:19:54+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 328
---
# Centers of Light

November 25<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C. Canada.

Received by Al Fike

 

I come because you create a light and a longing within your souls that brings my presence. Each day that you are together I am with you. I continue to work with you in these efforts that you make to bring the Truth of God's Love more clearly to humanity. This is the desire of all our souls, all of us who are in alignment with God's great Soul of Love to share this wealth amongst humanity, to have this Light spread, this simple Truth be known, to awaken mankind to the potentials of their souls that comes with the Father's Love.

So you look to the future, beloved souls, you look to the future and you see many possibilities. Indeed God does place many opportunities at your feet. Often these opportunities are opened to you through the longings and the expressions of souls in pain, yet desire light and freedom from their pain. So you must answer the request of those who reach out to you, beloved souls, who see a strength within you where your love flows, dissipating the darkness, for you are a channel of God's Love, my beloveds. You are aligned with God's Will. Your souls continue to grow steadily towards at-onement with God. So as this at-onement comes closer day by day, prayer by prayer, so more will come to you, more souls in need will come and seek your counsel and your blessings as a channel of God's Love.

You have been guided that there are indeed Centers of Light in this world and that you will have some hand with the building and establishment of these Centers of Light. Do not look upon these opportunities with suspicion but respond in wisdom, my beloved souls, respond in wisdom and with a knowing within your souls of what is meant to be. For God will use you and others to bring about the establishment of these refuge places, sanctuaries of Light, all part of God's plan, my beloveds, all part of the out-flowing of Love and Light in the world. This plan has brought you together, has it not, and enshrouded you in Light and brought great benefits to your souls and brought many spirits and angels by your side so you may work more effectively in this world to bring Truth and Light, healing and Love. Do not restrict within your minds the possibilities that God places before you, beloved souls. Be open to the Will of God. Know within your souls what is right and in harmony. Each day is a test as to your faith and complicity to the Will of God.

In your world nothing is simple and uncomplicated for the will of man makes such complexities, creating barriers and obstacles in the course of God's expression of Love and Light. Your challenge, beloved souls, is to navigate these treacherous conditions using the blessings and wisdom of God within your souls so that you may find that route that is of harmony, that expresses God's desire to bring greater Light to this world. Yet God grants you free will, allows you to make those choices. It is God's wish that those choices are in alignment with God's Will. This is why prayer is so important, beloved souls, not only to expand the Light within your souls but to hone the gifts of your souls that you become more aware of those deep places within which give to you the answers which you seek and which create the sign posts which indicate the directions that you must move. It is in the opening and flowering of your gifts, all bathed in Love, that the next steps will come into place and be known. With this you cannot but walk in this direction which God has indicated through your souls.

Each of you wishes to be a servant of God. Each of you desires to do God's Will. So you must release those aspects within yourself that resist and pulls away because of fear and doubt, confusion and worry. These things are of the mind and what God wishes for you to do is of the soul. Each day is a test. Which is it that you listen to? What part of you has dominance in the decisions of your life? You feel and sense the power and wisdom of your souls. You know this exists within you and yet the conditions of this world pull you from this place of knowing and wishes to direct you upon another course, one that complies with the consensus of humanity, the logic that has been created by the minds of men. When you see that what you wish to do that is in compliance with the will of your soul, the knowing of your soul, and does not seem to comply with the logic of mankind you feel fear and reticence for you walk in between the surety of knowing your soul's desires and the conditions of your material mind which demands compliance. You go back and forth, back and forth between these two conditions, these two approaches to life. The mind so often fears losing control and fears losing everything that it has built within your lives. Whereas the soul, resplendent in the Love of God, is free and does not fear for in place of fear is Love and faith. So each day you have this decision, this choice: shall I listen to the promptings of my soul or the insistency of my mind?

You are being tutored, beloved souls, in the ways of the soul. You are being shown a great treasure within you, a capacity to know beyond the knowing of the mind. The potentials therein are great indeed for many treasures are within your souls waiting to be discovered, waiting to be utilized in the expression of your life in this world. As such you become an instrument of change and Light, of Truth and Love. It is a different approach, a revolutionary approach in terms of what mankind has created thus far. Are you strong enough, beloved souls, to forge ahead upon this road that is much less travelled? It takes strength, it takes courage, it takes faith and it takes trust in God. For you all, and those who are not here but a part of your little group, are at a crossroads in your lives. You sense this. You know that changes are coming, great change is coming. Whether you decide to walk the road that is in harmony with this change or continue to comply with the demands of the material world and conditions of humanity, change will come nonetheless - change will come.

We are preparing you, beloved souls. We are bringing to you many gifts and many blessings that would not otherwise be given so readily. For with these gifts come a great responsibility and a great challenge to walk that road of Light, to be in harmony with God's Will, to express the treasures of your souls, to be a channel of His Love. What does this mean, beloveds, what does this mean? You discover the meaning of this with each day and the opportunities presented to you and the choices that you make that come as God blesses you with all of these gifts, all of these gifts flowing forth, showered upon you, given in Love. Are you able to reciprocate to God, to give of yourself in this way, to allow the awakening of your souls to such an extent that the conditions of mankind will not interfere, that you may walk forth a new being, an example of a new way for humanity. We have cleared the path for you, my beloveds. We have given you everything that is possible. Now it is for you to respond in Love, to walk in this Light and allow these gifts to flourish within you and be expressed in the world. Your choice, beloved souls, your choice. May you choose well and seek to serve God within every part of your being and every aspect of your life, to serve God in love, in gratitude, in joy, in peace and all those worries and concerns may flood away upon the breath of God, its warmth and comfort changing you with each day.

God bless you, my beloveds. I am Jesus. My love is with you always, always, my beloveds. My love is with you. God bless you.

