---
title: "Choose to Embrace God’s Will"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine says Choose to Embrace God’s Will"
date: 2017-12-11 23:20:46+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 296
---
# Choose to Embrace God’s Will
April 20<sup>st</sup>, 2017

Abbotsford, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike.

 

You are each about to take some large steps in your life, steps that will lead to service and the flow of God’s Love. Each of you has been prepared, educated, and have been praying for the Divine Love for a number of years. You have prayed to be used as God’s instruments in this world. You have been tested, you have learned, you have grown within your souls. You are beginning to discover your true selves and you have forged an unbreakable relationship with your Creator.

Although there is always a need for growth and improvement, essentially you have come to a place where you are ready. Each has their gifts to contribute, you are equipped with soul discernment and with an intuitive understanding of what is meant to be in the flow of God’s Will. Yes you are ready to carry this torch of Truth into the world. As such, you will be given some surprising opportunities, unanticipated, that will allow you to take this leap forward in a very overt and recognized way. For some who are around you this will cause some concern or even jealousy. I tell you, if you follow God’s Will, and you surely will, then all will be blessed in the wake of your efforts and your instrumentality. Never fear the future, my beloveds. Look forward in anticipation, joy and eagerness for God has in store for you a beautiful path. A path of light, a path of service, a path filled with Love. Though there may be challenges, challenges that require you to step forward and to overcome those small barriers and reticence, you will come to that place of a clear, beautiful and powerful expression of Love in the world. 

Beloved souls, now is your time to exercise your faith in the Will of your Creator, the Wisdom of your Creator and the Love of your Creator, and to say: ‟I lay down my will for your Will. I give up those constructs of the mind, ideas and dreams that I have concocted to give me a sense of security and I now embrace the Truth, I now embrace the reality of your beautiful Creation, of your ultimate and wise Will for me, the destiny that I am to walk as a child of God.″ This is a great test for each one of you my beloveds, to release your will to the Will of God. It is a commitment, a declaration, that you are truly a child of God. When you can say: *‟I trust in your wisdom, God’s great plan over my own will."* This is not easy, but with the power and strength of God’s Love that lies within your souls, you have the strength and the inner wisdom to know that this is the right step. You will not lose anything in this, but you will gain the world, my beloveds, the world of God. That beautiful world of God’s Will and Presence and Love within your life. 

What can you lose when you are embraced in this way? You are not in danger, nor vulnerable, nor in error, when you are embraced by God in this way. It is the folly of mankind to say: *‟I am all-powerful. I will be the master of my own fate. I will create my life in the image of myself."* This is an illusion, my beloveds. A terrible and dreadful illusion and has caused much pain through the many, many millennium of mankind’s existence. Because each child has the right and the ability to choose to have free will, does not mean that they are capable of making those choices that are of profound wisdom and harmony with creation. No my beloveds, it merely means that they can accept or reject the Will of God, the Truth of God and the Laws of Creation. So many souls have done so. They have rejected these Truths. Many do not know where to find these Truths. Many have no inclination other than within their souls to pursue God. Many are in a deep state of deprivation, of spiritual starvation and great emotional pain. Yet they choose to ignore this by the many distractions that are available to you in this world. This too is folly, for the great efforts mankind has made to make their life, the life of man, then the image of man will crumble. Already great fissures and chasms are coming about within the fabric of mankind’s creation. Soon it will be in tatters, because error cannot stand with Truth for very long, my beloveds. Error cannot stand with Truth, for the laws are inexorable.  All must come back into balance and harmony. This is a law, and this law will have its effect upon all those in this world. 

Now do you see why we have put such effort into each one of you and all of those who are willing to be a channel of Truth in this world? What will the generations to come stand up on if there is nothing put in place that is of Truth, that is in harmony with the laws of Creation? You my beloveds are a part of this plan for the salvation of mankind. You are a part, a vital part of teaching and showing the way to a better way of existence. You will bring that choice to others. You will bring the Truth of Divine Love so that others may choose. You will do so because you have laid your wills over to God and accepted the role and the mantle that God has placed upon you. 

These are serious times, my beloveds. These are not times to dilly and dally about. Do not waste your time in idle pursuits. Continue to pray fervently and to ask those questions that rise up from your soul, to pray them out to God, to receive the answers that you require, to make the changes that are necessary. For this is what your soul desires, my beloveds. This is what is meant for you. It is not an easy task, to be a leader in this world. To lead with Love, to lead with humility and to lead with the power of God working through you. This is the highest road you can take in this world. You have the example of your brother Jesus to follow, and others who have attempted to teach humanity of the Truth of God, the Truth of Love. As this fabric created by mankind becomes shredded and collapses, the door will open for you to serve, to teach, to speak, to Love. You are prepared, my beloveds. This gives us great joy that you are ready and you will join with others and there will be a resounding call for Truth in this world, as you all join together and speak in one voice that Love is truly the answer, that this world must be built upon the Truth of Love. This world must be built upon all Truth. The time of deception, falsity and error must fall away and will fall away and give rise to something greater and more in harmony. 

Yes my beloveds, I know you do not understand all that I say. You do not see the steps that are ahead of you. In a way, this innocence and ignorance benefits you. Because when one follows the Will of God, it’s not so much a plan within your mind, but a flow and a knowing within your soul to follow in innocence and faith in each day and to express whatever it is that God guides you to do with each day. You are more in harmony with the Will of God. You rely less upon your own will other than to say: *"I am willing, I choose your way, dear Father."* I know for some of you this is frustrating and perplexing, but take comfort, my beloveds, that all is planned and prepared by God. You will be carried along, what you require will be given. How you will arrive at any particular destination will be provided in a safe and beautiful way. There is nothing to worry about, there is nothing to hold you back other than your own wilful self. Do you understand me, my beloveds? You see now that much awaits you, that God has laid His plans within your soul and it is for you to allow these plans to be revealed to your consciousness in bits and drips, day by day. 

Being aligned with God means being patient, faithful and bringing joy to each day and listening, listening in that deep place as you pray, as you ask God to guide you and to Love you. Walk the destined path beloveds. Speak the words of Truth, seek the Love of God above all else and you will fulfil your purpose in this world and reap your rewards in the next. God bless you beloveds. I am Augustine and I am with you as you journey forward. Many angels are with you in their efforts, in their prayers, in their desire to see change in this world that is of light and harmony. God bless you beloveds. I Love you. God bless you.

