---
title: "Creating a Foundational Condition for D.V"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem speaks of Creating a Foundational Condition for D.V"
date: 2018-05-30 05:02:53+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 314
---
# Creating a Foundational Condition for D.V

October 25<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I am Seretta Kem. God bless you. It is my hope that all material concerns are dealt with and that we may talk about deeper things which are more spiritual. Now as this instrument has indicated, these first weeks are foundational, and issues that are coming up amongst you require resolution. As for personal/emotional conditions within you, we have instructed that you bring them to the surface of your consciousness, to say a prayer and to have the upmost faith that they will be released to God. It is a tendency in the human condition to hold on to these emotional traumas, these feelings that are not of Love, but hurt and pain. And at times some become fixated on these feelings and keep revisiting them, even though in truth they have been expiated from the soul. But the mind continues in its habits and patterns until it is important for you to recognize that you must change these habits and patterns within you and to resolve these things within your minds. For you receive many blessings, the power of God’s Love within and this does indeed clear away such conditions as long as you are willing and desirous of such. It can happen. 

I would suggest that you do not have the expectation of having a catharsis or an emotional outbreak in prayer. Because this is not the goal and it is not necessary. There are times when you will feel the emotions welling up within you and I’m not suggesting that you suppress this; this is not expedient to your efforts to clear away all conditions that are not in harmony with the Father’s Love. I would suggest that you do not, in the sense that you must deal with these emotional traumas of the past, because if they are not there within your soul, my beloveds, you encourage the mind to continue to circulate around this core of memory and you add the emotional reactions accordingly. Do not underestimate the power of God’s Love to heal your soul of these things, and as we have said to you in times past, to release these conditions to God. All this requires is a flicker of recognition and a prayer for God to take them from you if you so wish for this to be the case. But it is determined by your desire, your willingness to let go. For often you wish to hold on to these hurts because you have a sense that others must know of your own pain, or your habits to express this pain in negative ways continues to predominate your interactions. Maybe not so overtly, but very subtly. 

Thus when we say that we are creating a foundational condition amongst you, this also includes the habits of your minds. For the mind can easily block these spiritual energies and conditions and also God’s Love from entering into your soul and into those secret places within you. The mind has its power; it is so obvious in your world, is it not? The mind plays this role of keeping many souls from God. And so your minds must find harmony with your souls and must find harmony with God. Each part of you requires this progression towards harmony, and yes, we ask a great deal of you at this time, but each one of you have chosen to be here together for this purpose. Your souls ask for guidance, your souls ask for healing, your souls ask to be used as the channel of God’s Love in this way. It is all very clear within your soul my beloveds, but not so clear within your minds. For your minds continue to harbor these erroneous thoughts and unloving conditions. The power of thought, my beloveds, the power of thought can keep a soul from God. And so you will encounter this as you step forward with this gift of direct voice amongst humanity with the Truth being expressed plainly and simply for all to see. There will be many whose minds will not allow them to see or to accept. This resolute condition of mindful error and resistance is rife within your world and you must within yourselves find harmony with your minds and your souls, find a reconciliation between these parts of yourself. 

So it is for you to discern what is truly real and lodged within your mind and your soul, not just within your mind. This is a sort of illusion that needs to be transformed into reality and you can do so with the power of God’s Love within you and the help of us angels so that you may see clearly but you must want this - truly want this. Often your mind may say that it does indeed want to know, but it is an illusion, it is not real, it is layer upon layer of ideas and sentiments. And this is how error lives in the world beloved souls, error lives because of these many layers of illusions which are called reality in this world. Because the mind has made such a concrete construct of these thoughts, they do indeed seem real to the mind and influence and pollute the soul with this error. Each of you is challenged to struggle out of your own illusions, the conditions of your minds, and to recognize the power of God’s Love within your souls bringing all to resolution and harmony. This is a difficult task in this world as these illusions are all about you and are constantly reinforced. The conditions of the mind in the world are powerful and come unbidden and constant. This is why we have asked you to remain in a sort of womb, as you call it, a condition of Love, that we may protect you from these outside conditions and bring greater harmony to you, also allowing you to see more clearly what it is that holds you back in terms of these mental conditions. And so as we progress, thoughts will come forth, ideas and emotional memories and indeed they must be reckoned with and released. But in some cases it is merely a decision that you will not continue to harbor these feelings anymore - that they are not real, what is real is what is within your soul. So that you may say: *“I am tired of the old patterns of my mind, the old illusions, and I wish for the clear realty of God’s Touch within me, so that this may be my Truth, my reality and my understanding of Light”*. 

So my beloveds, I have intrigued you as I have in past times to look more closely and discern between these two conditions. One that is lodged within the soul and one that is lodged within in the mind. And this is certainly halfway to healing these conditions, to understand them, as they are within you. God will help you to dispel any condition within you, beloved souls. We will help you to see more clearly. We will disperse the fog around you, that of confusion, of hesitancy, of misinterpretation of your true condition. God’s Breath will blow this away, bringing you true peace and true understanding of the Truth. You are as much on a journey of awakening your souls as you are to awaken this gift. They come hand in hand, do they not? One comes from the other, but first there must be an awakening of your soul, that it may establish precedents within your being, and that you may come to truly understand your soul. All the capacities and faculties of your soul - the Truth lies within that deep place. When you have mastered the discipline of your mind and not given it the power that it so resolutely desires and thirsts for,  it is that gentler thirst of the soul is what you will recognize and nurture. Then I tell you, how you see yourselves, how you see each other and how you see the world, will be very different indeed. And it will not be so complicated and rife with currents of emotion and confusion. These things will be absorbed in peace and Love and when these emotions come up in your life experience, they will be clear and more purer a true reflection of your inner self, rather than obscured by old mental habits and by-gone hurts and conditions.

This is what I mean by being mature. The maturity of the soul, which is there my beloveds, it shines forth in each one of you but needs to be recognized and brought to the fore so this may be expressed through you at all times. Where Love will be the flavor of everything that you express and do. Love, wisdom, deep perception, strength, clarity, you each desire these things, my beloveds, you each desire these things. And with God’s Love, they shall emerge into your conscious soul and be expressed in such beautiful ways that many will see your light and understand from their own souls that this is a soul that has found the Truth. A soul that expresses the Truth with such beauty and eloquence, such grace, such joy that they will not seek to judge you, but instead seek to know you and to understand where this has come from, this beautiful light that you shine forth with, to all you meet. 

And you must come to express yourself in these ways, if you are to introduce the Truth of Divine Love through this gift of direct voice to the world. If you come forth deeply flawed, consumed with old emotions and untruths, you will not have the credibility you require to move in the world as God’s emissaries of Truth and Love. Those feelings of fear concerning what may come in the future originate from the resistances of your mind. Those old places that still seek control. And so I suggest that when these feelings come forth, to have a good look at what is happening within your mind, as this gives you a great opportunity to see more clearly the patterns of your thoughts and your feelings. Things that need God’s Healing and Touch and require your attention and efforts. We do not wish for you to be the weak link in the chain because you have resisted change, you have not grown strong. And we do not expect perfection of course but when you speak of responsibility, this is your responsibility my beloveds, to look at yourselves, with Truth and integrity, to take the time that is required and attention to put efforts forth and to clear out those old and tired conditions that do not serve you well. Yes, this is the time, this is your opportunity as you continue to pray and to reach up to God. For in your prayers, in God’s response, will come the healing that you require and the strength and clarity to look clearly within yourselves. The goal is to truly Love yourselves, is it not? To be Love. To live Love. To express Love always. It is not to do so under pretense, or some illusion that you are loving, because underneath this Love does not exist. It takes a great strength for mortals to truly see themselves clearly. And rather than feel shame, be joyful that you have seen something that needs to be healed and put right within you. This again is the power of God’s Love, to bring greater harmony into your being you must recognize what it is that requires the attention, and to put your intentions in prayer towards God. 

These are the laws in action, my beloveds. This is the law of Divine Love, to expiate all conditions that are not in harmony with Love. And do you think that those conditions within you are any worse than your neighbors, no my beloveds, you all struggle in this way and you will all support one another in Love. To rise above, to find your way in the light, closer to God, to recognize within yourselves that you are indeed beautiful and you are indeed Loved. Beloved souls, beloved souls. 

Seek the blessings of God. Put aside your worries and cares, all these stray feelings, and come to joy, true and clear, joyful in every breath. This is what we toil to help you to achieve, to show you the way to this wondrous condition of joy. It is yours for the asking and it manifests with the knowing of your souls, blessed with the Father’s Love. May you continue to pray together, make these efforts in your routines, in your interactions, in your daily prayers. And like old skins, they will fall away from you, these conditions, they will be shed. You will expand and grow and feel refreshed in this new way of being. 

God bless you, my beloveds. I am Seretta Kem. I Love you and I pray for your healing, as do many angels. That you may be lifted up to a place of joy, released from all conditions that are not of Love. God bless you. God bless you.