---
title: "Detailed instructions regarding the Direct Voice sessions"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem gives Detailed instructions regarding the Direct Voice sessions"
date: 2018-05-30 05:02:53+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 314
---
# Detailed instructions regarding the Direct Voice sessions

October 15<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I am Seretta Kem coming to speak of your Direct Voice ventures. So I will lay out some fundamental requests to begin these prayers and preparations in the development of the Direct Voice.

Yes we wish for you to sit in prayer for the development of Direct Voice one morning per day. It would be beneficial if you also pray at other times during the day. Go into the darkened room creating your circle and begin with a prayer, meditate upon your desires and your prayers to God regarding Direct Voice and regarding the development of your soul, and the expansion of your soul in the Father’s Love. This is the very fundamental building block of this venture and be open and patient with whatever sensations and experiences you may have in this darkened room, realizing that you are well protected. Those spirits and angels that are working upon your physical and your spiritual condition have been dedicated to this effort since the beginning.

Because it is often difficult for we in the Celestial Heavens to make the necessary rapport in order to develop these gifts in a physical way, we are enlisting the service of those spirits in the spiritual realms, many of whom are in the fifth sphere who will be assisting in these efforts. This is necessary to have their involvement and cooperation. You see, many are involved, think of circles within circles. Some are there merely to pray for you, others are there to work upon your physical, others will be working upon your spiritual body. Yet others like myself will be overseeing and have some direct involvement in the preparation and development of this gift. I think you understand the complexities of what we are about to attempt. But I do not think you completely understand the challenges that we in the Celestial Heavens face in directly applying our abilities and efforts to create Direct Voice within your group. 

We have asked you to raise the level of your physical and spiritual condition and you have done so, you have made an effort – a good effort. We have no criticisms of this but still the conditions of this world hold you down like bags of sand upon a balloon. The balloon has the capacity to rise up but it is the weight upon it that keeps it close to the ground. So each of you have been well engaged in this world dealing with the many demands upon you and conditions around you and thus it is difficult to release these weights that hold you down to the earthly condition. It is our hope as you continue to work together in prayer, these times that you take to uplift yourselves, your conditions, to take great care of your physical and your spiritual so that some of these weights may be withdrawn. We hope that you will take time to be closely engaged with the spiritual both in your thoughts and your prayers and as you progress and proceed in this way we will be able to come closer and exert great influence upon these matters and make the process of this development easier.

But to begin with we will proceed as I described. This was always expected from our side, great plans were laid in order to bring this about in a harmonious way maintaining the standards to reach the highest to have the manifestation of Direct Voice from the highest in order to have the angels speak directly to humanity. This is our mutual goal, is it not, to bring the Truth to mankind in this way? But you cannot flick a switch and have these necessary conditions manifest instantaneously. It is an effort, an incremental process of development somewhat like the mechanisms you use to bring great weights above the ground. You must pump this mechanism until the level is achieved. So as you continue to pray and add the fuel to the upliftment of your souls, your beings, you will achieve some lofty elevation and Light. But it does take your effort and your focus. It takes your patience and your perseverance. It does not come overnight, my friends. Yes, you have prepared in your own way and some of you are traveling great distances in order to be a part of this. We see the efforts that you have made and the dedication that you have. We applaud these efforts and dedications.

Yet there must be a greater effort and a deeper dedication for this venture to be successful. This we know you are amply aware of and so we encourage you again and again to dedicate your prayers to God, to set yourself aside from those old habits and ways of engaging in the world which are not in harmony with God’s laws, and which are not loving and careful of others or yourselves. You feel the consequences when you are not in harmony, when you are removed from these conditions that are blessed by God and exhibit the Love that He pours upon you. So as you come together in that eager anticipation and excitement, remember to be conscious of your thoughts and your deeds to make the greatest of efforts to be in harmony together and within your daily life. We understand that as you apply yourselves in these periods of development that the material world will impinge upon this to some degree. But I would recommend that you make this a minimal part of your life at this time that you do not get entirely caught up in the demands and challenges and distractions of this world. This is a time of dedication and to some degree sacrifice for the greater good and the success of this venture.

Now I will speak of some technical information that you require. There is a question of using a trumpet which is a common mechanism in the development of Direct Voice. I would suggest that yes, you may form a rudimentary trumpet to begin with to help focus the energies as required. That you may use a glass container as has been explained in the books you have been reading, again as a rudimentary starting point. A table would be fortuitous in the centre of the room. It does not have to be round, just some object, a pedestal in order to place these two rudimentary items upon it. And indeed prayer – prayer is of the utmost importance. You will feel the conditions heightening as you pray together in this room. You will feel many physical sensations that will accompany your prayers. And you may see some manifestations which are not of the caliber which we desire in the end of this effort but then you must step forward one piece at a time so that we may build the right conditions and allow those manifestations which will foster the direct communication of the angels. 

So again, do not be concerned that things that are manifesting are not in accordance to your thinking and expectations. We must start simply and with rudimentary efforts which in some ways are meant to encourage you, my friends, and in some ways verify our experiments and efforts from our side of life. Then we will build as you build the conditions within yourselves and we draw closer to you meeting together in a place that is rare in terms of the spiritual conditions that will manifest amongst you. You have each felt the powerful manifestation of God’s Love in your prayers at some point in your life, possibly often in your life. But this will be something more. There will be the condition of Love, the upliftment of this sacred energy amongst the circle. But accompanying that will be physical sensations and visual stimulation and sight and very many pulsating energies in the room, lights, energetic conditions that will feel at times very intense. Again, you must quell your fears if this is what comes up for you in these experiences and to be patient and expect the unexpected.

This will be a powerful journey, my friends, transformative in its nature, opening up possibilities that are exciting and wonderful in their nature. You, beloved souls, must join with us in this great experiment truly desiring to be a part and to be a part with harmony and focus and prayer. So we will begin soon. We all anticipate much and much will manifest. We will find our way in the flow of God’s Will and plan. We are all hopeful, are we not? We all forge ahead relying on the strength of our own personal faith in God, our own knowledge of His Will and Touch upon us. So it will be, so it will be. God bless you, beloveds. I am Seretta Kem. I am with you.

My son, yes, you will be supported in your engagement this evening as in any time that you do the Father’s Will and bring the Truth of His Love into this world. You will be supported, uplifted, strengthened, and receive the gift of the clarity that you have asked to receive. It will be given. You will see.
And to you, my daughter, as well. You do a great service. You will help to bring those people together seeing a greater purpose, a more harmonious future as they band together in prayer and mutual support and friendship. All is part of God’s Will and will manifest accordingly.

So I will continue to speak and to counsel as we progress upon this path. May God’s many blessings pour upon you and may His Love find its constant inflowing into your souls, beloveds, His gift – His gift that heals and comforts and makes you anew in the Light of His Love. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem and I am with you. God bless you.