---
title: "Direct Voice Instruction"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem and Jesus give Direct Voice Instruction"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# Direct Voice Instruction

October 8<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I am Seretta Kem. We begin a new phase of your preparation for direct voice. These last few weeks we will be with you more intensely and we ask that you pray more fervently for our presence and for the presence of God’s Love within your souls. For now we forge this link of commitment and rapport and bring to you a condition of love that will uplift and help you in your daily routines, that you may feel more connected to God. 

At this point Jesus comes through (I think)

This up-liftment is important so that you will feel that deep sense of God’s presence, that deep peace and love, so that you may carry this light wherever you go, so that you feel close to the angels, so that there is joy in your heart and that you are filled with excitement and a deep desire for greater light and closer to union with God. You may put aside all other concerns and be in this light for it will require a condition of harmony within you that is consistent and builds one day to the next. This is not a burden is it, to feel the joy, to feel the love flowing over you and into you, feeling God’s presence in your life?  By keeping your thoughts on higher things and eagerly anticipating your times together, the angels will work together to create an opening, a portal of light and energy that will manifest the direct voice so that each one of you will come together in such a way that all disharmony and resonance will flow together as one in this magnificent light.

God is bringing a special gift through you my beloved’s, a gift to help humanity. You have willingly taken your place in this effort to bring this beautiful light and truth to the world in such a way that the power and glory and beauty of the Father’s Love, of the Father’s Truths, will manifest with such power, such exquisite and delicate beauty that many will be overcome and a sense of joy and awe and desire to be in the light of God’s Love. This starts with you my beloveds. It starts with you and your sincere efforts to be ever closer to God, to be in great harmony together, to love one another, to be in close rapport with the angels, to be in deep prayer with God. Are you prepared? Do you feel the mounting power, and light and love that sweeps over you at this moment and will be with you now as you continue in your preparations? Yes, your souls stir. They awaken in the excitement. They know what is coming. Your souls feel the presence of God and the touch He has given each one of you.  Each one in this circle of seven has been touched with a powerful blessing, helping you on your way, giving you what you require to work together to be God’s beloved channels of His Love. 

Seek God with every breath. Seek God with every desire and thought. Be in the embrace of the Heavenly Father that His Will is clear to you my beloveds. His Love is the grace that will carry you through the rest of your life. His peace will bring the strength and the wisdom that you may serve Him as harbingers of truth and love. As you get closer to that day of coming together, think of one another, think of your coming times, think of how you love one another. You see that each has a light, a beauty and a gift to give, that you may work together in singleness of purpose, clarity of desire, understanding, commitment, soul awareness of how you continue to walk in the Light of God and fulfil His desire to bring greater light to this world. In serving God you will find a great fulfilment. You will fully awaken and see and know the great truth of God’s Creation, His Love and His Will. It comes to you now and very soon your eyes will open beloved souls to powerful understandings and soul awakenings as those parts of your beings find their true purpose and expression. You will know God and will have a greater reality than anything else, a more powerful presence. The flow of His Love will be the nectar that you will feed upon each day, bringing greater joy and understanding to full consciousness, full awareness, understanding and joy. You will love with such power and beauty that you will glow with it. You will exude love and your light shall shine around the world. It begins beloved souls. Let your hearts open. Free your minds of any limitations. Allow your souls to rise up into your consciousness and take its rightful place in harmony with who and what you are to be, a beloved soul redeemed in the love of God. Thus you will take your place as a disciple, as a channel of His Love, as a soul invested in truth. You will bring this to all you meet. Everyone will feel a touch, a blessing, a gift, a healing, a sense of hope and joy. 

Step forward my beloveds. Take your rightful place and allow God to use you in His plan to bring salvation, harmony, peace, joy, truth and awakening to mankind. You will be known in the world, your efforts will have an impact. The words you speak will bring the truth and God’s angels will manifest in light indicating to those present that this is indeed the truth. They will speak. They will share their love. They will touch many souls for they too are channels of love for God and God will use us all in this great work to bring greater love and light to this world. We become as one body, one body in God’s great plan. We are together. God bless you. I am Jesus and I love you my brothers and sisters. I love you. You are my disciples and we work together to bring this truth, so simple, to the world. I am with you. I will continue to be with you and I will never leave. I am your brother. I am Jesus. God bless you.

Seretta Kem returns to speak

What a beautiful blessing Jesus brings my beloveds to encourage you in your efforts and your journey. Now I have come to give you some more practical instructions. I would suggest that from now until you meet that you will make an effort to keep your diets light, not heavy foods, lighter, certainly nutritious. Do not overfill yourselves. Continue to ingest those chemicals that have been recommended; phosphorus, calcium and chlorophyll. Continue to monitor your bodies and that your nutritional intake is in accordance to your intuitive understanding of what you require. We will help you in this regard. Your bodies may feel lighter and function in a way that will be helpful in your development for direct voice. 

We will continue to infuse energies into your bodies, your spirits, helping you to feel that sense of lightness and energy. Yet, I would advise you not to over expend your energies, but to retain these energies within you that they may be used and expended for the use of direct voice. Some of the qualities of these energies are similar to what you would feel when you are in a condition of vigor and thus desiring to expend your bodies in exercise. This is not a bad thing, to continue to move your bodies about. This helps to keep the flow of energies in balance. Yet, I would suggest you do not over extend yourselves. 

You will be receiving impressions, each one of you, helping you with your thoughts, helping you with your everyday actions. So as this builds a harmony within you, it helps you to not be distracted by those conditions in the world that draws your thinking and your energies away from your spiritual pursuits into the physical world. This is a time to withdraw from those obligations of this material world and be more spiritually attuned. For this will be helpful as you continue to develop and work together and will make it easier for us to build a rapport with each one of you. To some degree you are leaving the conditions of the material world, entering into a space, a place, a condition that is removed from this world. This will bring a different perspective and will change your thoughts and open up many abilities and capacities within your soul, encouraging an unfolding of your soul perceptions, your soul faculties. This in turn will bring a deeper sensitivity, so it will be important that you are not overly involved in material pursuits, for you will feel an uneasiness in these conditions. When you are in harmony with the spiritual conditions that are being created it will feel like you are home, a place of peace. When you feel disturbed, it is an indication that you are moving away from that place, that condition. It is important in order to foster the development of direct voice. I am not suggesting that you be a hermit. No, but keep in mind that you need to make greater effort to bring yourselves into alignment, to bring yourselves in greater harmony, to be closer to the influences of the angels, in deeper rapport and in communion with God. 

Yes, the level and intensity of this work continues to unfold and you respond beautifully to our call. You are not lost. You are indeed finding your way. You continue to be clear. Let there be no confusion in the sense, the true sense, of the journey that you are on. There is nothing to fear. Do not reprimand yourselves if you feel you are straying beyond these instructions, merely say a prayer and continue in the best way that you are able, to be in better spiritual condition - pure of thought, closer to God. Yes, each day is always a challenge and each day has its rewards, its opportunities, its blessings and so you begin to learn how to bring these blessings to you with more intensity and to be closer to God. You are being blessed and supported, loved and nurtured. Listen to your inner voice, that deep place within you and all will be well. You will find your way. That darkened path brightens with each moment. Know those conditions that concern you so will melt away in love. God’s Hand is truly upon you beloved souls. Drink deep His Blessings. Seek your guidance and know the truths within your souls. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem. I love you and will continue to work with you in these efforts of love and truth. God bless you. I keep you close, keep you close. God bless you.