---
title: "Guidance on D.V. Preparations"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem gives Guidance on D.V. Preparations"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# Guidance on D.V. Preparations

October 1<sup>st</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

We have gathered you all together this night as you continue to make this appointment together to receive guidance regarding the preparations for direct voice. You are coming close to that time when you are together. Now is the time to be diligent, to make the utmost efforts to prepare yourselves for this time of prayer and development for it is coming quickly. It is important that you continue your daily prayers, to place foremost in your thoughts this effort that you are about to make, to be focused, to acknowledge your inner commitment to God, to this inner light of divine love, to all the blessings that are coming and all the possibilities that you have accepted in your life. With each day you shed a little more of those conditions that inhibit the flow of love and obstruct the energies that are required to develop the direct voice. Each day you allow a certain portion of these conditions to fall away and accept joyfully God’s call to receive His blessing of Love.

Yes your time in this world moves quickly does it not? This world is a very busy place, not leaving much time to contemplate or even to pray and this is why you must be diligent and disciplined with these efforts and with your thoughts. As you put your energies towards this great venture, you reap the rewards, you receive the blessings, you allow us to work upon your physical and your spiritual, your souls, so that we may harmonize and attune all of these aspects of yourself in relationship to this effort of direct voice. It is a complex matter that requires a great deal from we in spirit who have committed ourselves to this venture. You may see your own bodies to some degree as a mechanism for creating favourable conditions for the manifestation of direct voice and materialization. When the mechanism is finely tuned you have the results that are desirable. So, as you have been told, a balanced diet both physically for your body and your mind is very beneficial indeed. Do not forget this, my friends.

Some of you are being called from a long distance. You are making a substantial investment in time and effort so that you may contribute to this venture. So do not forget what has been asked of you in preparation. Now is the time to invest much of your energy, your thoughts and your efforts, your prayers towards this, for you come close. Really only a few moments away. You cannot think to yourself, ‟Well I will invest my time when we are together.″ No, my beloveds, your time needs to be invested with each day, each prayer, each thought, each choice that you make because when you are true to your soul’s desires and your commitments in this regard, so you create the impetus that is required to ignite the machinery to life and to bring all the elements together in harmony so that we and you may work together.

Yes, you will feel changes within you physically and mentally. Your prayers will become intense as long as you are open and sincere. You will sense flutterings and fluctuations within your physical bodies as new chemistry and energies are introduced. We are able to blend your chemicals as you sit as you do at this time in prayer together. Yes there is much to do. This will bring very many new experiences to each one of you. I do not say this to focus your mind upon the sensations that will manifest in this effort, for truly you must be focused on your prayers and connections with God. But I do wish to warn you in case you feel concern regarding these new sensations and experiences. They are all part of the awakening of these subtle mechanisms within your body and bringing greater harmony to all aspects of your physical self and to your soul’s perceptions, sensitivities and capacities. Yes when you open yourselves in this way and put forth your desires and inclinations to be used as a channel for these powerful, yet subtle gifts, there will be changes within you, responses and reactions that are unfamiliar. Yet, as with every gift, there is a time of adjustment and of getting used to something new. You are in good hands my beloveds, very good hands.

All is well. We are pleased with the preparations you have made to date. We do not expect perfection, but we have come close to something viable and important within your make up. Opening gifts, opening doors of possibilities and bringing you all a little closer to light and harmony in God’s Love. These are the important things. This is where your focus must lie. Seeing yourself not as inadequate or imperfect, but as capable and full of possibilities. It is the blessing of the Father’s Love that ignites what is possible and enhances what is capable. You continue to blossom, to release those conditions not in harmony, to prepare yourselves to meet the world with an extraordinary gift, a great blessing that is merely the prelude to the truths that you will speak, the inspiration that will come to awaken mankind from their slumbers.

This gift will have little purpose if it does not point towards the higher truths, the laws of God’s Love and the possibilities of redeeming the soul. This is our true purpose is it not, to bring about a way in which those who are distracted and are not looking in your direction will turn and notice, or feel inspired, possibly even struck with awe and excitement? When this happens for a soul who is within your vicinity observing these gifts, are you not then truly doing God’s Will by bringing the truth of His Love, by awakening those around you to the possibilities of being awakened, healed, understanding, truly knowing the joy of at-onement with God? These simple yet all so powerful things that each soul longs for, but so few know how to come to these truths.

So you will show the way. We will all work together to show the way and to demonstrate the truths in simple and powerful ways. We will speak to humanity and you will be the instruments for this effort to bring something real, palpable and powerful. We are making many preparations, not only to create the conditions for direct voice, but to open the doors so others will experience the manifestations of which we speak. Yes, we are making great preparations, many efforts. In fact, I will tell you that many thousands of angels and spirits are working so that these doors may be opened, that the opportunities may become available to you to bring this manifestation and truth to the world.

You will see my friends. You will see. Your lives will change. No longer will you be anonymous and unheard in the world for many eyes will be cast upon you, for you will be the messengers for this truth. This will be done in humility and with the power within your souls. You will carry the light. You will walk the road that God has cleared for you, each one. You must be strong for with this gift many temptations will cross your path. You must be humble for as you work for God you must give God credit and not see this as a manifestation of your own personal power, for this is far from the truth. This is a manifestation of God’s powerful touch through you in order that many may be reached. I am not saying that we discount your efforts, for we indeed see your efforts and love you for your efforts, but the eyes must be cast towards the Heavenly Father, towards the possibilities of truth and divine love. Then the world will change because the souls have been awakened to the possibilities of change and light and joy and truth, compassion and wisdom. All these things come from God, my friends. We are all servants of God. We all work together for these purposes and none is glorified above the other and each will play their part. You will not know truly what you are meant to do until that time when you are asked to express your purpose in this world.

I know you wish to speculate, to imagine what my words will be like in reality, in this world. Your mind reels with the possibilities. Your imagination runs wild I am sure and possibly anxiety, worry for what might be great changes in your life. But remember my friends, God will always bring harmony. Although you may see the efforts to come as a sacrifice, in reality it is all a gift, a wondrous gift. Each expression you make in your dedication in the Love for God and the love for your brothers and sisters, you are given many blessings and rewards. You accumulate a great bounty of light within you and it shall continue and multiply exponentially. You will know a great joy my friends, a great joy and a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction, all of those things that say that you have done many things, many beautiful expressions of love. So it shall be, as you step forward in humility and with grace and love. So your life within this world will expand and become vastly harmonious and joyful. Is this not what you seek my beloveds? To know a life full of wonderment and joy and so it will be. It is coming. Even the challenges will feel like a wondrous blessing. This is how your soul will perceive the experiences of your life to come. Your soul will be ecstatic in the joyous revelations which God will give to you through these experiences of service and love.

Much awaits. Feel the excitement my friends. The excitement of your souls, for your souls are gleeful in anticipation, are joyful because your souls see the possibilities, what is just ahead of you. Come to know these feelings my beloved brothers and sisters, for it is these joyful expressions within you, this wanton desire to burst forth in light that are the indicators of your souls’ awakening. How beautiful this is. How the light continues to grow within you and the Father's Love pours into your soul expanding and creating something new and glorious. Can you not feel God’s glorious joy, seeing his children awakened in light and Love? Know this place, this awakening and joy for this will be the touch stone for your life. This is what will manifest each and every day, despite whatever conditions may come. You will feel the joy, that lightness of being that comes from your awakened soul and in this you will be the example, the messenger, the harbinger of the wondrous tolling bell of truth.

How blessed you are my friends. How blessed we all are. The wondrous awakening of mankind that is to come. You begin in a new life and will show the way to others who are awaiting your efforts to show the way, to express the truth, to be your own true and beautiful souls themselves in this world. May you be blessed mightily my friends. Continue on this journey of awakening, of understanding, of truly knowing. May God’s Love continue to pour into your souls. May the blessings of His Light, His Care and Protection for each one of you continue to uplift, and heal and bring into harmony your beautiful beings. We continue to walk with you on this journey. Such a blessing it is for us, for all of us, to serve God in this way. 

God bless you beloveds. I am Seretta Kem and I continue to serve, to love and to work for these great efforts to bring the truth to mankind. God bless you beloveds. I love you.