---
title: "Individual Blessings"
menu_title: ""
description: "Jesus gives Individual Blessings"
date: 2020-05-01 09:17:37+10:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# Individual Blessings

December 7<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C. Canada

Received by Al Fike.

 

I am Jesus and I have observed your souls opening and the flood of emotions that come with the recognition of where you are in need of the Father’s Touch and blessing within you. Thus with this opening and prayerful desire God has touched you deeply, beloved souls. The power of His Love continues to crack the armour of your mind and bring into alignment those parts of yourselves that have been separated for far too long. You begin to come together in harmony, in peace and joy. This is the power of God’s Love. This is the blessing of God’s Love. For each soul that yearns to be touched by His great wonderous Love it shall pour into you, my beloved souls, in ever greater abundance as you open yourselves, as you come to God in this vulnerability and truth. Your souls awaken my beloveds. Your souls awaken with the Touch of God. So, you will continue to open your eyes and know His Presence within you and in your lives, my beloveds.

My beloved daughter (H), the Father touches you deeply. You carry the light within your soul. You begin to flower in this wonderous journey and awaken beautifully. So many gifts, my daughter, so many gifts are about to emerge. God will call you to many places in this world to bring your light and your gifts to touch many. You feel this calling. You know there is purpose in your life, beloved daughter and all will unfold in harmony, in joy and beauty. The Heavenly Father has a plan for you, my beloved, and you are beginning to awaken to His call and His purpose for His beloved daughter, His child in love. Go with God, beloved soul. Be with God each day and listen to His words, His promptings, His Touch and all will be well. There is nothing to be fearful of or have hesitancy of any sort. All will be well and I walk with you, my daughter. I walk with you as you journey in this world seeking to be a channel of the Father’s Love. You are my disciple and you will carry the waters of life and the truth of love.

My son (G), you continue to struggle and release those burdens of long past and God Touches you deeply, beloved son. How brave you are to journey beyond that which is so well known to you to places that challenge but give deeper insight and truth and love. For all that you give, my son, to others, it is now time for you to give to yourself, to give to yourself in love and to let go of your burdens and to release the constrictions of your mind, to truly know your soul and to know God and to know that we are with you always, my beloved son, always. You shall walk this road of light and there will be many surprises upon that road which you cannot possibly anticipate. So, as you are fond of saying my son, you must listen to the Will of God and so it will be. Listen to your heart. Listen to your soul and allow your mind to truly accept the Will of God and I, too, shall walk with you my son in your efforts to bring this wondrous truth to mankind. You are surrounded and you are carried in light. Allow yourself to truly know this, to absorb it, to live within it, beloved son.

My daughter (J), how you have grown in the love. How beautiful you are in your creativity and your love for the children, your appreciation for God’s Creation and your many gifts that continue to blossom in the Love of God. Yes you begin a new chapter in your life, a chapter that will indeed carry you forth as a channel of God’s Love and His Will. As you begin to awaken and understand the depth and beauty of God’s Creation and the depth and beauty of your own soul. Thus, you will carry forth and come to know God’s Plan for you, my beloved. Your questions will be answered. Your dilemmas will fall away and there will be peace and joy, surety and wisdom. God bless you, my beloved, beloved daughter. I continue to walk with you as you discover the wonderment and the beauty of God’s Love.

My daughter (M), Yes, you carry truth within you and you continue to bring these truths into a whole of understanding, something that God can use to teach many souls. The depth of your understanding and the experiences that you have had and continue to have in your life will bring deep insight and truth to many. Thus, your journey is unique and beautiful and within your soul you know the Truth. Continue my daughter, to express these truths with surety and grace and beauty for you are a light, my daughter, you are a light. You continue to grow in the Father’s Love. May you find that at-onement with God that you so long for. May it increase day by day. May you know your own true self in this great journey to at-onement. God’s Hand is upon you, my daughter and shall continue to lead you to many different places, to many different souls, opening up the world to your feet with many blessings, many experiences, much love flowing, much truth expressed. You shall continue my beloved daughter in accordance to the Will of God. Do not doubt, but continue to raise your eyes to the Heavenly Father in prayer. Listen with the ears and eyes of your soul and the truth shall flow to you, my beloved and much guidance will be given. Beloved soul, you are surrounded by light, by the angels, by those who help you upon your journey. May God bless every step and every breath, beloved. He continues to guide you forth.

My daughter (B), how you have opened yourself to God and allowed His Treasures of Love to pour into you and how you have released so much and you come to know your true self and your true purpose in life. Beloved daughter, many things will happen in your life unanticipated, beautiful and in harmony. For that yearning within your soul is to serve God and to serve God by loving your brothers and sisters and so it will be. As you continue to love yourself and heal those deep wounds within you, so God will utilise the light that builds within your beautiful soul. Much awaits you, my daughter, much awaits. God has given you a special gift that will emerge and make itself known. This gift will touch many souls. God bless you, my beloved. God bless you.

My daughter (J), you continue upon the Path Divine. You continue to grow in love. You continue to seek, to be in harmony, to truly be in the flow of God’s Love and your gifts continue to emerge and to open. For you begin to love yourself truly, to see the beautiful creation that you are and to recognize the wondrous gifts that God has placed within you, my daughter. So the opening of your soul in joy and recognition begins. Those things that have held you back in times gone by will no longer affect you, beloved daughter. For God begins to heal your soul deeply and those places that remained untouched by love now begin to be healed. Every nook and cranny, every crevice within your soul, God brings His Love and lights all these places within you, beloved daughter. You must forgive yourself. You must allow love to enter all these parts of you so that you may fulfill your purpose and express these wondrous gifts that God has placed within your soul. You are surrounded by the Angels, beloved. You are carried in light. Allow all that is not in harmony with God’s Love to melt away. He continues to heal you as He does with all of you, my beloveds. He continues to heal you.

And this instrument (A), at times he doubts himself and doubts his purpose and yet he knows within his soul what he is to do. He has been given many visions and awakenings and yet he continues to wonder if he is the one that may do these things in the world. He does not truly see his own value. He does not appreciate the depth and breadth of God’s Creation within him and yet he continues to uphold this Truth and to walk this path steadfast. God will carry him forward and give him the strength that he requires and the insights and the knowings, the visions and the inflowings of love so that he may fulfill his purpose in this world. 

There is much work for all of you to do, my beloved souls, much work. As the world continues to change and shift and as you continue to shift within your souls and seek deeper truth and grow in the love so that you may be clear channels of these truths and this love. We are with you my beloveds, every moment and God places His Hand upon you every moment. Your work just barely begins and you will continue to awaken. 

My love is with you beloved brothers and sisters. My prayers are with you beloveds. You will continue to be lifted up. You will continue to be healed. As you continue to open to the Father’s gift of His Love many things will be revealed to you and many gifts will unfold from your efforts of prayer and faith and trust in God. So much awaits, my beloveds. So much awaits. May you continue to trust in what is happening within each one of you and what is happening to you together as you seek to serve God and to bring this gift forward. So, it will be. So, it will be in accordance to your faith, to your love, your light. So, it will be.

God bless you, my beloveds. I am your brother and I am your friend. I am Jesus. God bless you. God bless you, my beloveds. I continue to walk with you, always. Always. God bless you. God bless you.
