---
title: "Jesus confirms he intends to materialize"
menu_title: ""
description: "Jesus confirms he intends to materialize"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# Jesus confirms he intends to materialize

August 6<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I have spoken through our beloved daughter in those far off lands and now I have come to speak to you about your efforts for Direct Voice. Indeed it was me who spoke upon the pedestal in the church and I was able to do so because of the conditions within that place and because of the fervent prayers of this instrument and his beloved mate to bring light and love to their efforts and to bring the truth of Divine Love to those who came. Beloved souls, it is that fervency and desire, that effort made that allowed my coming to that place. It is the fervency of your prayers and desire for success for the Direct Voice that will allow me to materialize to those who I am speaking to. It requires your focus, your deep prayers, your love and your desire to bring light to this world. Indeed, the conditions were powerful enough within that church that if you were prepared as you will be in the future, this could have happened, this manifestation. 

I am confident that in future times there will be a manifestation to some degree as you speak and pray in this place. Within the souls of those who attended and those who are connected to this church, they feel that something is coming, something very precious is coming, a blessing. Thus, they are drawn to the light that is building within this place. So you together with your cohorts also feel the compelling desire and anticipation of what is to come. For you know within your souls a powerful blessing is coming, a blessing that you will share amongst you, a blessing that will change your lives, a blessing that will give much hope and joy to those who will share in this, who will witness this and who will see with their own eyes the power of Love.

Beloved souls pray more fervently for the blessing of the Father’s Love. Utilise your days in prayer and longing. Focus your thoughts upon what can be amongst you in love and harmony as God touches each of you deeply and God blesses you collectively in your efforts to fulfil this task, a task which I have already spoken of that is part of the plan for the salvation of mankind. We in the Celestial spheres pray for your success. We accompany you with every moment. We encourage you and guide you. As the flow of God’s Will manifests in this little circle and in the events that will unfold in harmony and joy, in power and love and in peace and hope. For do you not agree that what mankind desperately needs at this time is hope for their own souls’ redemption and to bring greater harmony within the hearts of many, to show and to lift up the eyes and hearts of humanity towards God. To say this is where the solutions lie, not within your minds and those parts of you that wilfully tries to create solutions for the problems you have created in the world. For yes many problems may be solved with your mind but without the foundation of love within your souls or a desire for light, your problems will multiply. For these solutions are built upon the sands of mankind’s ambitions rather than the rock of God’s Laws of Creation. 

Without a soulful understanding of these Laws, and without a desire to create good for all of mankind for this world, and without a desire to live your lives as a tribute to God’s Love and His Creation by each one of you, your efforts will fall to dust. For each in this world is deluded and is not able to see through these illusions. You all live in error, beloved souls, to some degree. But in this great effort to bring Truth, to inspire mankind to lift itself above the conditions it has created over many thousands of years, you will find great purpose, a great purpose. You will step into that great river of God’s Will in love more fully and the deeper you go, the swifter the current, the more powerful is this compelling force. It will carry you and bring you to many places in this world and bring you to many places within your own self so that you will be able to understand your true purpose. You will be able to discern the Will of God and you will be able to teach in powerful ways the Truth of Love. Yes, there will be manifestations, healings, a wonderful, joyous resonance amongst those you talk to and inspire. There will be those who will join you, beloved souls, and those whose souls will flower in this love, given time, given more Love. So the momentum will build, the truth will spread, the love will wash upon humanity in order to give this world the opportunity to change its course, to find its healing, its balance and its harmony. 

Indeed your name of the vanguards is correct for you are vanguards; you enter forth into new territory. It pleases me greatly to see the extent of your willingness, the strength that comes as you bravely push forward, your openness to be guided and most of all, your love for God. Do you realize what joy it brings us, your angel friends, to see that there is a band of mortals so willing to press forward in this venture. You will indeed show many the way and many will follow and many will do as you have done and will do. You will see how the doors will open, the path will be cleared, the road will be lit and you will know within yourselves that this is what you are meant to do. Always listen to your souls, my beloveds. Be true to yourselves. Do not hesitate when you know the steps you must take and the road you must follow, for it is in fulfilling your purpose that great joy will come and the profound awakening of your souls in love. 

I walk with you my beloveds. I walk with you as you continue to venture forth and my love is with you always. Our fervent prayers are for your success for the awakening of your souls and the unfolding of what is meant to be, blessed by God. For God has a plan and He has a plan for each one of you, beloved souls. So as you continue to listen, the awareness of this plan will truly be yours. God bless you, beloveds, I am Jesus and I love you. I love you, my beloveds. I embrace you. I am with you. I shall continue to walk with you, my beautiful, adventurous souls, brothers and sisters all upon this glorious path of Love. I am with you. God bless you.