---
title: "Jesus is with us"
menu_title: ""
description: "Jesus is with us"
date: 2017-11-22 16:51:35+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 322
---
# Jesus is with us

November 2<sup>nd</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you beloved souls, I am Jesus. May the Hand of the Father touch deeply within you beloveds. His Love pouring into every recess of your soul. His Touch bringing you great joy and peace, the peace the passes all understanding, beloveds. You are being well blessed my beloveds, well blessed upon this journey and your desires and your prayers have touched God. In His Response He brings His Light and Love, His Peace and Healing upon you. So it will be, beloved souls, as you continue upon this journey and your desires are for the good of mankind, to bring truth and peace and love to this world. You will be richly blessed, within you and all about you. Many blessings will come. 

Your desire for the direct voice will be but one blessing amongst many, one blessing amongst many my beloveds. You will speak and be a channel of truth and love in the world. You will touch many souls with comfort and healing, you will hear the Voice of God in you, showing you what you must do with each and every day. As you continue to commit deeply with the Will of God, so these Truths, these gifts and His Love shall be expressed in ever deeper measure with each one of you, beloved souls. For God truly desires that you walk in the light, that you point to His Presence to your brothers and sisters and say: "Seek ye the light beloved souls, you are my brothers, you are my sisters and we are all Children of God.” As you walk amongst your brethren in this world, many manifestations will be apparent to those whom you contact and are with, as they seek truth and seek the comfort and the knowledge that will abate their fears and confusion. You will be the lights, beloved souls, and as lights you will be blessed and become a great channel of the Father's Love in this world. So much awaits your commitment and your efforts, so much is possible with your willingness and acceptance of this opportunity to serve God in many, many ways. 

You continue to climb towards the light and as you do so, your burdens fall away. Many angels are administering to you my beloved souls, assisting you so that you may indeed be free of your burdens - that which holds you back from God. I pray for you each day my beloveds, for each one of you, and there are many thousands of angels who do the same. You remark upon the conditions in which you are - this loving light and this peace. This is the benefit of the prayers that are given on your behalf, since you, my beloved souls, have put aside your earthly cares and duties to be a part of this beautiful time of awakening and development of your gifts. As I have said at other times, the power and weight of the Celestial Kingdom is at your disposal as you tarry forward in your efforts, beloved souls, you bring a great light to this world. You have opened the lines of communication and the portals of light. So this will flow in ever greater quantities, power and beauty into your world and into your midst. Be humble in your actions my beloveds. Be true to yourselves. Be clear on what it is you wish to do in this world and in this earnestness, you will know your purpose, what is possible, what God wishes for you to do on His behalf in love, in harmony and in grace. 

Many await your efforts as you continue to unburden yourselves, so you may fly freely within the realms of light within the flow of God's Will and Love. This is coming my beloveds. It is very close. You will know great joy everlasting and your souls will flourish and awaken. Awaken beloveds to the new dawn, the new way that is meant for all humanity to live a life of love, to be a channel of love, to see the world in love, to see each other in love and to see ourselves in love. In this all will change your perspective and understanding of life. You will see from a different place within you what God has created, what is meant to be, what is Truth and what is love. This will come as your eyes open and your souls soar to God. All will come in this awakening, this communion with your Heavenly Father. Do not resist my beloveds, release yourselves to this powerful blessing. Let go of those things that are not of God and be in His humble grace always. In this, God will use you in many ways upon many journeys in this world to touch many souls with Truth and light, love and comfort. You will become an instrument of God's Will, a purveyor of His Plan for the salvation of mankind. This is what you truly desire beloved souls within your souls. This what you truly desire and when you come close to this you feel the joy welling up within you, knowing that you are getting close, that you are in God's Hands, that you have indeed put aside your fears and your mental biases and come to that place of true understanding of soul. Allow this to continue to unfold, to be a clear and beautiful part of your awareness, that all within you will merge together in loving unity, in a beautiful awakening. This is coming. It is coming to you at this time. Be open, be prayerful, be loving to one another and allow this light to infuse every part of your being and every part of your life so you truly walk in this light wherever you go. Beloved souls, I am with you. I shall always be with you beloveds and we shall walk together in this great journey of life and service to God. We shall be together in this glorious, joyful expression of our souls. I am your brother. I am your brother and I love you dearly my beautiful, beautiful brothers and sisters. I am with you always. God bless you. God bless you.

