---
title: "Let Go of Intolerance"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem says Let Go of Intolerance"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# Let Go of Intolerance

December 2<sup>nd</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C. Canada

Received by Al Fike.

 

Beloved souls, this is Seretta Kem. Aah, you are all so different, such unique personalities, so many characteristics shaped by your life experiences and your unique souls, your focus and aspirations regarding your life. Yet God has brought you together my beloved souls. He has brought you together to perform a task for Him that the truth and wonderment and light that comes with the blessing of the Father's Love is to be proclaimed through you to this world. For God needs His instruments to step forward, to walk in the light and to demonstrate the truth of His Love with harmony and grace amongst you. Yet there is always adjustment - adjustment of thinking, adjustment of intentions, of ideas and of desires. For each of you walked your path to God in your own way, and you understand the blessing of this travel forward in Love from your unique perspective. Does this mean that you disagree? No. It merely means that you see differently. You approach your journey differently. This is a blessing my beloved souls, this is a blessing, for you can see within each soul, your beloved brothers and sisters, the transparency of their thoughts and motivations, for as you have come together, so you have come to know one another in a deep way.

Now each individual has a choice to judge or to love. If another is different, has a different perspective and approaches their lives and their work with you in a different way, it does not mean that they are doing so out of harmony. What it means is that this is a challenge for you to love and let go of your thoughts which may put up a barrier to another. Yes as children you all desire to be together in ways that suit you personally. It is easier when your thoughts coalesce into something that is acceptable to your minds. Yet this is not possible always, for each individual lives a life unique, often in cultures and places that are different from your own. Does this mean you cannot work together in Love? No, my beloveds. It merely means that there must be an accommodation within your minds to these different approaches to life. Does this mean that you do not agree on the fundamental truths of the Father's Love? No, my beloveds, for surely you do and you are open together in prayer to receive this great gift of Love. In time the power of this Love, the power of your prayers together will blend these thoughts and attitudes amongst you into a cohesive whole, something that does indeed bring harmony. But first tolerance, then love, acceptance and a true appreciation of the soul that is before you, a creation of God, another beautiful soul. These differences of approaches, of opinions and ideas are not so important in this great scheme of things. What is important is the harmonization of your souls, for in this there is power. In this you are all up-lifted into Light, but if you hold onto feelings of resentment or judgement, or disagreements within the mind, you cannot find true harmony amongst you.

So you come close to a time where you are required to set aside any and all conditions that are not in harmony with Love. This may be in your own personal life outside of this circle or within the circle but these conditions and thoughts and concerns and worries and judgements, feelings of pain, feelings of being forlorn, feelings of being removed from others, must be let go of. In truth none of these things are valid to the soul, for your souls are in communion with God and your souls together are in communion with one another. It is merely the imaginings of your mind once again formulating perceptions, and ideas, projections and judgements in your interaction with one another and with your life. True spiritual maturity comes when these conditions created by your minds are not predominant and do not hold sway within your actions and true condition. We encourage you always to release the barriers, to let go and be in harmony with God. Can you do so my beloveds?

Coming to this important place, this important juncture in our efforts, can you truly let go? We can up-lift you. We can help you to be in a state of joy, feeling as if all of these conditions are not relevant. You feel the love flowing, the joy flowing, but you must work through these conditions which you create and are a part of your soul condition that is not in harmony with Love. It is your responsibility and it is your commitment to the truth, to live this truth in harmony with integrity and honesty. You cannot pretend to be one way and yet truly within your souls and your being you are another. This will not help you to progress further. Until the roadblocks are truly cleared within you and you have found the strength and the discipline to clear away these conditions and habits within your minds, then you will be held in a sort of stasis where we await these sincere efforts from yourselves.

Yes we have told you that prayer and longings to God will clear away these conditions, and they will indeed. But you must be aware, my brothers and sisters, of exactly what these conditions are, and what it is that you must focus upon. Not to the point where they become an obsession, but to the point where you are willing to let go, to release these things to God. It is not that another makes you feel a certain way my beloveds. It is that you create these conditions within yourself, possibly in the observation of another, recognizing certain conditions which they may hold within themselves and that you recognize it also within you. What you call a trigger is a gift so that you may see these conditions within you and release them. When some small disagreement comes and you are slighted or hurt or offended, let this go beloveds. Forgiveness is part of Love. Allowing Love to flow unimpeded is the goal is it not? The power of this Love that flows through you to your brothers and sisters, to this world, is what will change the world. You know this deep within you. You recognize this within your minds as well. Do you see the solution to these dilemmas, these conditions within you, is through Love?

The material mind is stubborn indeed and wishes to hold on to conditions not conducive to Love and this is your struggle my beloved brothers and sisters. This is your struggle, to truly let go, to say: *"I am done with this, this way of thinking, these conditions within me. I see that they do not help me to grow in Love and for Love to flow through me to all those I meet."* Your strength comes from this Love. The power of this Love can change the course of your life and the power of this Love collectively given to the world can change the course of history. It is that powerful if it is sourced from that place, the Source of All, our Beloved Heavenly Father.

So in this very short time that we have together, you are to face some important challenges and this is a very serious time for all of us in regards to our efforts that are critical to the outcomes of these efforts. Please do not project upon another those feelings that you carry within yourselves that are uncomfortable and inharmonious. Please take responsibility for these feelings and these thoughts. Walk in the Light my beloveds, for there is much Light all around you and there is much Light within your souls. At this time you are harmonizing the thoughts of your mind with the knowings of your souls. I know that it feels as if you will never accomplish this at times, that the challenge is too great, that the conditions of this world press upon you too intensely, but I say to you: *"You are very close, you are very close."* You must make that choice that brings you to freedom and joy and love. I do not say these things for you to feel a sense of guilt or pressure or anxiousness or self judgement, for today is a new day. Today brings its choices and yesterday is gone.

Seek your Heavenly Father my beloveds in this day. When you contemplate your true condition, to see yourself clearly, when you pray to God to help you to be clear of these conditions - conditions that each one of you possess in some way and degree - then the help will be given, the blessings will flow as long as you are willing and you have a deep soul desire, not an intellectual desire, not something of the mind, but truly of the soul, a yearning for true peace and harmony within yourselves, all will flow as you activate the laws that bring the healing and the Love to the very depths of your being. Yes you are human, you live in a very human world. We are different, those of us in the Celestial Kingdom. We have risen beyond those conditions that vex you so, but we too had our struggles, each one of us in the world, in our time, and we understand the difficulties that come in the material world, so we do not judge you my beloveds. We love you and encourage you and wish to work with you ever more closely, with each day and with each breath as you continue to release these conditions and live a life in harmony with God's Laws, to receive His Love ever more fully into your souls. This is our true desire for you and this is God's intention for each one of you. This is not easy. This is not easy my beloveds, but it is possible. It is possible.

May God bless you ever more intensely with each day. May you find your way through those conditions that are not in harmony and need to be released. We will help you beloved souls in every way that is possible. Yet, you hold the greatest responsibility in this. With every success you come closer to God. May you continue to find your way and may God continue to light the way. We will continue to accompany you upon this journey. God bless you my beloveds. God bless you and keep you in this Light. I am Seretta Kem. God bless you.