---
title: "Let Go of Fears and Judgements"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine on Let Go of Fears and Judgements"
date: 2018-05-30 05:02:53+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 314
---
# Let Go of Fears and Judgements

October 22<sup>nd</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you, I am your teacher Augustine. Yes, for one who is often very serious I would agree that laughter is the best medicine. Your discussions were regarding letting go of those conditions, thought patterns, fears and judgments – in fact anything that is not in harmony with Love needs to be released. These burdens do not benefit you, beloved souls. Your worries do not solve problems. More often they create problems. Where do you go with your concerns and those dilemmas in your life? You must go to God. Then entreat God to help you with every situation that you recognize as having this potential or is problematic in your life, for God will indeed help and will bring harmony. 

Yes you live in a difficult condition, this world, one that is rife with complications and expectations, situations that are not easily resolved because the power of free will exerts itself in every aspect of your life and with everyone you meet. These conditions prevail and often cause you concerns, often cause hurt or worry. But as you progress within your souls, the Love of God shines brightly within. Do you not feel somewhat detached from these conditions? That what was so important yesterday is not so important today? As you have been entreated, it is important that you detach yourselves from these everyday life dilemmas while you are engaged in this Direct Voice effort. For we do not want these conditions crowding in upon your circle and upon our efforts. For what is of the utmost importance is that you are elevated to a higher condition, one that is free of these concerns, one that is joyful and one that is loving.

This is the most important thing that you can do is to elevate yourselves through prayer, to be in harmony with God's Love, to not allow your minds to speculate and extrapolate old ways of thinking and old ways of reacting, for you are quite capable of being in this world in harmony especially in this enclosed situation, for you are cloistered from the world. There will be nothing that will impinge upon you and bring distraction and inharmonious thoughts. If such things do come to your consciousness, you are creating them for yourselves, my beloveds. In this you must be disciplined and when the very hint of a negative thought or a worry or a feeling of hurt comes to your mind, put it aside - put it aside. In this special time that God has created for each one of you we entreat you to take the utmost advantage to have a sort of holiday if you will from your feelings and your concerns, to be joyful, released from these things and allow the flow of God's Love to wash over you in such intensity, such beauty and power that you will feel that you are indeed living on a different plane - one that is not like this earth, one that is more like where we live, how we are in the world for we are not bothered by anything. We are in harmony with God.

Though we see suffering, we recognize the conditions and the challenges as we work with you in this world. We are not so attached to the outcomes so that we feel worry or hurt or pain, for we know within our souls and our perceptions that you will come to God and all will come to God in time. To carry that deep sense of patience and faith that all will come to Light in time is a great balm to your concerns although you see every day the injustices, or the pains of those you love carry, the inequities in the world, the dis-harmonies, the imbalances - all these many, many conditions which could bury you in such concern that you could never surface into the Light. We say to you, beloved souls, feel that deep gratitude and wonderment and joy that God has pulled you up into the Light and is carrying you forward in Light, is caring for you because you have desired this within your souls. Have a deep sense of joy releasing these conditions forevermore that have beset you and all mankind. In this you become the example, beloved souls. You express the Truth. You show the way. Your example is crucial. Your efforts, your choices, your thoughts and your desires all play into the flow of the awakening of your souls. 

It is up to you. It is up to your efforts and your decisions whether you will give power to the accepted conditions of this world and its thinking, its culture, its perspective, or to migrate your consciousness to God which is the true reality, my beloveds. That which mankind has created is rife with error, is not real except that the thought conditions that prevail within this world make it real. As you struggle and try to extricate yourselves from these conditions, you have us, the angels, to assist you to rise above, to acknowledge the power of the Love within your souls, to get those glimpses of your Heavenly Father's Will and Touch upon you.

So as you come together you will learn more about what you carry within you, the power of your own choice and thoughts and how you may choose not to give those things that are not in harmony any power whatsoever. For the power of your souls, beloveds, the power of the Love within can release you from these conditions, can give you what you require to step away and to step towards Light. Yes, God provides all, yet God waits for you to receive and be receptive, to desire and accept. It is your choice and yet such bounty awaits, so many blessings given, so much in Love will enwrap you in Light, to carry you forward and help you to understand, to truly know what is meant for you, how loved you are, how beautiful you are and how many blessings can be given through you to others through your gifts.

God needs earnest souls like yourselves to step forward, to be brave, to walk in the Light, to say "I will be in harmony with these Laws that God has created, with this Love that He has bestowed upon us. I will choose this." When your commitment strengthens and your love grows within, your concerns that others may judge will not be of any concern at all for they will see within you a beautiful Light which they will bask within and feel your loving touch upon them and benefit greatly because you have become a channel of God's Love. Who would turn away from Love? Who would judge those who love? If they do so, these are not souls that you wish to be with for they do not seek Light. Yet in your example you challenge them. They may feel within them an anger which only reflects their own inner pain. Yet with your example comes an invitation to each and every soul to join you in Love, to join you in this Light, to find their way like you have found your way beyond the pain and darkness, the human condition, to a better way, a way that is meant to be for all.

This is your message to humanity, my friends. This is what we all seek to teach others. In order to do so, you must be an example and live by these Truths in all respects. You cannot assume that your words will have power if your heart is empty. You must feel the Love always. The heartbeat of God's Love within your souls must pulsate and bring Light wherever you go, whatever you do. This is all that is asked and it is not that difficult. You may see it as a challenge but as you continue to pray to receive this blessing of Love it comes ever more easy, to the point where it will be a reflexive action with every breath. So you will be these examples of Love and Light. You will carry the gifts that you so desire to express with such beauty and grace. You will indeed garner the attention and support of many. Many will benefit from your actions, your efforts, your prayers and your gifts as a channel of God's Will and Love in this world.

So we reach another level of learning and doing in the world as your gifts and the strength of the Love within your soul begins to manifest in these ways and you discover new things, new potentials and new possibilities that may come through you expressed by you. We in the Celestial Kingdom are greatly excited by this, to see your souls glowing in Love, your minds filled with anticipation and excitement. Your desire is to fulfill this goal and purpose and so you have aligned yourselves in such beautiful ways that we may work more readily, that you are greatly receptive and the work shall flow and bring wonderful results.

So I bless you, my friends, beloved souls, my students. I will be with you as you continue in your prayers and your efforts here. Yes, much will be accomplished, many blessings poured upon you and Love will be everywhere. I am your teacher Augustine. I love you, blessed souls. I love you dearly. God bless you. God bless you.