---
title: "Letting go of expectations"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine speaks of Letting go of expectations"
date: 2018-01-09 00:19:54+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 328
---
# Letting go of expectations

November 28<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C. Canada.

Received by Al Fike

 

I wish to speak of what it is to be a channel of Love in the world. You have heard from this beloved soul from far off speaking of her heartfelt thoughts and feelings, how her soul has opened to the Father's Love, how she desires to share this Love with those that she loves, with all that will listen.

You see the chain of events that brought this beloved soul to that place of recognizing her own true and beautiful soul. Where did it start? Did it start with our beloved Master Jesus and his journey in this world, bringing the Truth of God's Love to humanity, to those who would listen? Was he a man of authority with the authority that mankind gives to those in power? No, he was a man of God's great blessing giving him the authority of the soul. He walked in this world expressing the Truth that he knew with an authority founded on Love. There was no need for fanfare, no need for structures, no need to make of his mission something rigid and of mans' reckonings. He worked in the flow of God's Love and in this he brought the Truth of His Love. He had an impact upon those he met for as a channel of Love. Souls were touched, imaginations were ignited, thoughts came to those individuals of the possibilities and potentials of the awakened soul. Jesus taught this with authority for he knew the Truth. He knew the Truth from his awakened soul.

Many years have gone by since his beautiful mission on earth and then came another who unwittingly stumbled upon this Truth. This beloved soul, James Padgett, was willing to be used by the angels, and by Jesus, to bring these Truths to light once more to humanity. Through his efforts all of you here and many more have come to know the Truth of God's Love in a clear and beautiful way. Did Mr. Padgett speak of his authority? Was he a man seeking approval? Did he work hard and unceasingly to bring recognition to himself? No, my beloveds. But his soul recognized that he had a purpose, a mission in this world and he fulfilled this mission. I know you often wonder why he was not more overt in his efforts to bring this Truth to mankind. Those who followed him also did not make great efforts to establish a mighty church, a foundation from which to build yet another religious structure. For this was not God's Will. God's Will is that each individual will find the redemption of his soul through the Father's Love and in this he will go forward in the world and share the Light in his soul and be a channel of His Love in simple and direct ways touching those around him or her in this world. In this simple way God works, beloved souls. To be a channel of God's Love does not require the engagement of the mind in such a way that plans and structures, man-made ideas are put into place in order to give authority to that soul. No, my beloveds, it is the emanations of your soul that give you all the authority that you require. For as you come closer to God in Love, as you walk this world in a way that you are true and authentic, loving and generous to those you meet, souls are touched. The Light has its effect upon the souls of mankind. In these simple ways, in this beautiful flow of doing God's Will and being a channel of His Love, then the work proceeds.

I know as you consider your project of direct voice, in your imagination you think of many possibilities, grandiose plans and ideas, fame in this world, recognition, although within your hearts you know this is not what you truly desire. It is important to recognize those parts of yourself that has a deep need to be recognized in the world. Each of you has this, my beloveds, to some degree and this motivates you to some degree. But to be a channel of God's Love is to walk in this world with humility, not anticipating and planning for situations that will bring recognition, that will bring authority to you. With humility one patiently and gently follows the Will of God having faith that wherever God will lead you, this will be the place where He intends for you to be. There may come a time in your life where you will indeed receive the recognition and have a measure of authority in this world. This may come, but remember, these things are not truly of you, they are of God. You must see your mission in this way, to allow God to express His Will through you. The more that you can allow this to be without projecting upon it many ideas and expectations, then the channel is clear and the possibilities are endless, for you have not put your will upon the Will of God. This is a measure of a soul truly inflamed with the Father's Love. This gentle persistence in walking forward in this Light and expressing Love in every aspect of your being and your life will bring many blessings forth in this world. You cannot anticipate what is coming, beloved souls. You may only step day by day in earnest prayer and faith, in the expression of your souls with each moment that is gifted to you in this life.

Consider your actions or thoughts, your expectations and your ambitions, for these human things within you can often trip you up in the flow of God's Will within your life. For humility engages the soul in a sort of purity and recognition so that God's Will becomes evident and your will is put aside in this recognition. Walk in the world in this way, my beloved souls, and all will come into harmony, in peace, in the flow and timing of God's Will. This is true service, beloveds.

May you continue to be within the Will of God and to allow the Light within your souls to truly shine and take precedence in your life. All those concerns and worries, ideas and expectations will melt away in that beautiful flow, that beautiful Light, the power of His Love embracing every part of your being. You are learning how to bring into harmony those aspects of your material mind and those things of your soul. You step along this path of change and adjustment with the angels by your side and God's Hand upon you. 
You will continue to do so and indeed many things within your minds will change and alter in response to the power of His Love. You will find your way. You will understand, my beloveds, the beautiful treasures that lay within your souls and the expressions of these gifts in harmony and in concert with God's Will. You are coming ever closer each day, my beloved souls. Your prayers are being answered. You are uplifted and surrounded with Light. So much, so much is within your grasp at this time. May you continue to grow in the Love and to find your way to that place of true harmony within and wondrous expressions of your true and beautiful souls. God bless you. I am your teacher Augustine and I love you. God bless you, my beloveds.

