---
title: "Many in this World are Asleep"
menu_title: ""
description: "Thomas Aquinas says Many in this World are Asleep"
date: 2017-11-22 16:51:35+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 322
---
# Many in this World are Asleep

November 15<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you my friends. I am Thomas Aquinas. You have heard from several spirits that wish to speak through direct voice and I tell you there are many hundreds more, of all descriptions, times in history and professions and levels of knowledge and levels of soul condition. For there is a vast array of spirits in the spirit world, such a variety of conditions, perspectives, levels of understanding, such a variety. But our plan is primarily to bring forth those spirits that would garner a great deal of attention from your brothers and sisters who walk this world. In this way they will perk up their ears and open their eyes from their slumbers and what these spirits and angels may say will evoke some thought and concern and contemplation regarding their own personal spiritual condition and the condition of this world that is in serious darkness and disharmony. So many in this world are asleep, they are lulled by the material distractions of this world. They seek gratification of the material, of the material desires, desires of the flesh, desires of the mind, and mankind works diligently to gratify these desires. In your part of the world, what you call a Western World, there is such a lust for material comfort and wealth and there is no time to consider the condition of their souls. For such a question would seem absurd to many, for they do not know what a soul is, they do not know how to bring Light into their lives, how to find spiritual harmony and the depth that comes with Love from God. Yet each has a longing, a desire somewhere deep within and in order to ignite this awareness, such a desire within, we need to bring forth these Truths dramatically, powerfully and clearly. 

And indeed you have said many times: *"How may we spread the Truth of God’s Love in the world. What must we do? How must we proceed? Should we plan and execute those plans diligently or should we wait for the Heavenly Father to guide us, so that we may know the right steps to take?"* And I must say, and to sound contradictory, both are true, both are important, for without motivation you will not step forward without some semblance of a plan and you are mired in confusion. Most importantly, without wisdom and a knowledge of the Will of God, your plans will likely turn to dust and will not be successful. And so there is a marriage of your desire and your thoughts and your level of understanding with the power of your souls knowing with God’s influence upon you. In this way where all is balanced and clear, the steps forward become obvious and filled with enthusiasm, and this is why the Heavenly Father sends His angels to you my beloveds, to help you become clear about these issues, these questions and these desires. We bring our wisdom and our Love to you. We seek to bring Truth to your awareness, where you are receptive to this, and so few are, they have no semblance of understanding of Truth. Their lives become an expression of shallow desires and thoughts and thus they become lost and mired in the darkness of this world, for they know no better. And as we see this in your world, we feel deep compassion for your brothers and sisters who are lost. This is not what is meant to be in this world, this is not God’s plan. His desire, His intention for all His children is that they may find joy and Truth and Love in their existence in this world. That in this beginning of a life that there be a good start, a good beginning and something that will lead them into greater Light, greater happiness and joy. 

And so we focus our efforts upon those few in this world who have a sincere desire to know the Truth of God’s Love, to know the Truth of why you exist, for what reason. It is to know Love, to know joy, to know deep wisdom and knowledge, to express your true selves, your true gifts in your life bringing a deep satisfaction and a great opportunity to bring beauty and joy, Truth and Love to all those around you and to be a channel of God’s Love. As you come deeper to this understanding of what it is you are to do, how you are to be in the world, we will augment these efforts with this gift of direct voice and with many other gifts and manifestations bringing about a heighten interest, a deep curiosity from those around you who, for the most part, go about their business unawares of the potentials of their lives, their being. To awaken mankind, my friends, is the goal. This is God’s plan, to awaken all the many millions who continue to sleep and who know very little that is profound and we will help them upon their journey of life, that, as you know, goes far beyond this life.

The salvation of mankind has in its goal to bring all souls to either the world of the perfect man or to the celestial spheres, the heavens of God. Remember this, my beloveds, for you within yourselves seek this deeply and earnestly, to make your way to that place that is all joy and Love, Light and goodness, to be a celestial angel, to allow the transformation of the Father’s gift of Love to change you so radically, so profoundly, that it is possible for you to exist in this Heaven that is perfect and indeed beyond perfect for it evolves eternally and so will you, as the Essence of God continues to expand within your being and make you into something far beyond what you are at this moment. You have a taste of the beauty and power of your souls, you have glimpses of this, you feel the changes within you and you expand in joy and awareness. Yet, this is just the beginning, like the newborn babe when his eyes begin to open to the new world, so your eyes, the eyes of your soul begin to awaken and perceive the world of God. So there are many, many souls on this side of life who continue to pursue these Truths, to grow in this way and they too wish to share with humanity the possibilities to bring forth the Truth of the power of Love. So many are eager to speak through your gifts to humanity. We do not need to recruit souls who wish to give in this way for they are eager indeed, and there is a great multitude. We will choose wisely for you, we will bring those forward who will have a deep impact because of the power of their personalities and the gifts that they carry within their souls, the Truth that they have acquired through their experience in your world and in my world. 

It will be a beautiful unfolding of Truth as you speak your Truth and we speak our Truth and all listen to God’s Truth. There will be manifestations which others will call miracles, but are not really. These things do not come from thin air, they are merely following the laws of Creation, the possibilities that come with the soul empowered by Love, and with the faculties which many spirits have within them to create manifestations at this time. 

You continue to follow our directions, to foster harmony and to seek the highest. You have no need to be concerned about the efforts that you are making, nor what you are experiencing within the dark room, for all is well in hand. You are also aware that you must desire to seek God with every breath. For this desire and opening for God’s Love may come almost reflexively, that your prayers become habitual, yet full of Truth and integrity, and deep desire that God’s blessings may flow abundantly without end. You will step along this road in a measured pace, yet one that is in harmony with the Will of God. Continue in these efforts my dear brothers and sisters, do not allow doubt to shatter your thinking. Be of good faith, be strong, clear, earnest, open and Loving and all will be well my friends. You continue to step upon this chosen path of service and God continues to usher you forward and His angels surround you constantly. 

You will achieve your goal my friends, provided you continue in this way. God dearly wants to bless you. He wants you to earnestly long for this, to have within your thoughts, within your soul a deep desire for the many gifts that he wishes to bring you for the asking my friends, for the asking, it comes. And these waters flow with great abundance, its force climbing in accordance to your desires. Its light flooding into you, responding to your open souls, your earnest souls. May you truly know this, beloved souls, truly know that God is blessing you deeply and that you will know a great joy, a profound awakening, a true understanding. God bless you my beloveds. I am Thomas Aquinas and I am very happy to be able to speak to you this day, to encourage you forward. I am with you, I am with you along with many others. We continue to support, to pray, to Love, to bring our Love to work for these common goals and objectives. With God’s Hand upon all, God bless you. God bless you.