---
title: "Much awaits you"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem advises Much awaits you"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# Much awaits you

September 17<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you, beloved souls. I greet you, my daughter (L), who has come to share in this blessing and prayer. Yes, we have gathered all the souls who are part of this venture. For distance means nothing in this regard. All are present and there is a deep connection between you all, which is required, harmony, love, a reaching out from one to another, a pooling your spiritual resources, and desires, and Light. In this pooling together, many things will manifest, beloveds, many beautiful manifestations of which direct voice will be just one.

It is hard for you to see beyond a specific goal, yet there is much more that awaits as you continue to grow in the love and strengthen your commitment to God and work towards serving God’s goal. For this one step that you take is indicative of the power of your commitment and desire. This will unfold and blossom in many different ways as this gift is added to another gift and another gift. You are manifesting the power of God’s Love in ways that at this time you are unable to comprehend but as this venture moves forward, as you continue to listen to your guidance, as the Love continues to flow into your souls, many blessings and attributes and gifts will blossom within each one of you. Together as your create the power and beauty of Love and harmony amongst you, you will accelerate the opening and development of many gifts within each one. It is the regenerative and powerful connection of Love that will open many doors for as you create this condition amongst you. As you joyously acknowledge one another and share your deep desires, your soul desires to serve God, then many things are made possible for you to ascend from the human condition to something far greater and closer to God.

So your venture has many possibilities and benefits. Yes you focus on one thing but God focuses on many things, so many layers of development, of soul growth, of understanding and gifts that flourish within this energetic condition which you develop within yourselves with the help of the angels and the blessings of God. We are excited about what it can be. We see great potential, many blessings which we have for many, many years desired to bring to this earth are made possible by your commitment and choice and Love. 

So do not limit your expectations, beloved souls, but allow freely for God to have His hand within this work, to listen intently and with Love. Dear Heavenly Father allow whatever is manifested to do so unrestricted and without limitations, with Love and trust and faith. 

Now when you are at that place where you will travel in this world, bringing these gifts forward, touching many souls as God’s channels His Love, you must give over your expectations and wilful desires to God. Allow His plan to manifest through each one of you, and do not hold back. Joyfully move forward and trust in joyful recognition that you are doing God’s work in this world and you are assisting the angels that you continue to grow as an apprentice in the work of an angel.

So you will travel together in groups no less than three. This does not mean you will all travel as one body; this may be so on occasions. But you also have your obligations in this world and at times this restricts your travel but it will not restrict your connections with one another. The support will be offered from those who remain in their homes and their places, where they live but still the Love and support and energetic assistance will continue to flow through them to those who are upon a mission. There will be many missions, my brothers and sisters, you will be guided. You already recognize one which is your travel to India. We are happy to see that this instrument has now accepted this invitation and is building his desire to go and serve. This is how it will often happen, my brothers and sisters, you will not know the exact purpose of your effort other than to merely be a channel of Love and be guided with each day. This does indeed take strength and a spiritual maturity that does not restrict the Will of God and the execution of His plan in this world. It does indeed take a special strength, a strong faith and a loving acceptance of the Will of God and you, my beloveds, have come to this place. So you put before God your first test saying *‟I am willing to come together and to work together for this direct Voice."* I know that some of you have trepidations, even skepticism as to the success of this venture. I tell you now that you have every means for success. But of course, you must put aside your doubts, your trepidation, and whole heartedly devote yourself to this venture. As you do so, you learn a great lesson, a wondrous opportunity to observe your own spiritual power and gifts to trust in the work of the angels and to acknowledge that God has a plan for you, each one and collectively. 

This does not mean that all will be easy, for it will not. It requires concentration, requires intense prayer, requires discipline and a deep listening, to put aside those conditions within you which you know will hamper this work, to walk with a surety and a joy that will bring about the manifestations necessary to complete the development of this gift. Yes much will be predicated upon the success of this gift and the opportunities that will come from these efforts. You will find that your life will indeed be different, that there will be a quickening of your efforts and a powerful flow of purposeful spiritual work bringing Love and truth and guidance to many. I know some of you are worried as to how this can manifest in your lives. I say all things are possible with God. It is only the mind that sets a restriction that seeks to have the power and control and you realize that this must be released, released with Love. For as you continue to reach towards your Heavenly Father, you see before you those restrictions within and God has every intention and desire to heal you of these things. It is for you to say *‟yes, I accept and I desire this."* Not from your minds, my beloveds, but from deep within your soul and in that resolve that comes from that deep place, those things within your mind which you hold back, will melt away. With each of these experiences of healing and release and the inflowing of Love that replaces those conditions, you learn a little more deeply the power of God’s Love. You begin to see how wondrous is His gift, how beautiful His touch and how glorious His plan for each of you. 

Seek harmony in all things, my beloveds, and know that we continue to work together to develop the conditions necessary for the expression of Direct Voice in this plane, that it will be done in such a way that the highest spirits and the Celestial angels will bring forth much information and manifestations for all to see and to hear.

May you continue to grow in the Love and to put the pursuit of God’s Love above all things. Even this venture is subordinate to our efforts to receive the Divine Love for without this foundation none of these efforts will come to fruition. With the gift of the Father’s Love so much is possible. You begin to have a glimpse of what can be, this is merely a glimpse, for there is so much more to see and know and to express with the beauty and glory of your own soul in harmony with God, in harmony and Love with your brothers and sisters. So it goes, beloved souls, so it goes, one step at a time as you continue to learn and grow and become stronger, become less reliant upon the human condition and more reliant upon God. It is this letting go and this trust in God that will bring you to that place of the fulfilment of your purpose and a flourishing of your true self. 

God bless you, beloved souls, in all your efforts and all your prayers, in all your attempts to love, to love yourself, to love each other and to love those in this world. In this God is with you, in this Light blossoms forth and you are touched deeply as you continue to love. So you continue to allow love to flow into yourself and so it goes. For all eternity this love will continue to blossom within, to grow and expand on your journey to at-onement, to that ecstatic, blissful, awesome communion with God. 

Blessings to you, my beloveds. I am Seretta Kim and I love you. You begin to love a little more each day, and we will join in love in this great venture and adventure and awakening. God bless you, beloveds. 
