---
title: "Preparations for Direct Voice"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem talks of Preparations for Direct Voice"
date: 2017-12-11 23:20:46+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 296
---
# Preparations for Direct Voice
May 25<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike.

 

My charges have asked for some guidance regarding preparation and being in a condition to sit in harmony for Direct Voice. Essentially you are merely required to enact the guidance that has been given to you over the years many, many times. Keep your thoughts on a higher level, be connected with God, be a channel of Love in the world and to let go of all obstacles in the way of this flow of Love and connection with God. Now obviously these things are very much a degree of understanding and expression and each day presents its unique challenges to each one of you and this is why prayer is so important. It is reaching for God so that God may bless you and cleanse you of many conditions that you may have taken on during your day. When you are showered by Light in your prayers you are uplifted into Light and does it not seem that those earthly cares and worries begin to fade and you can let go?

Prayer is very important my beloveds. Bring forth your intentions to your Creator. Pray to be used as a channel, pray that you might be used for the development of Direct Voice, pray that you might express your gifts in the world in the fullness and ripeness that comes with the inflowing of The Divine Love within your souls. Bring peace into your lives, draw in positive thoughts, bring beauty into your lives, express love whenever you can, make love your primary goal in life that all may be an expression of love. Discipline yourselves, beloveds, in your thoughts and your actions for each soul knows what is in harmony and what is not. As you continue to plunge into your souls, your awareness of the many actions you take in your life each day allows you to see those parts of yourselves that need to grow or fall away. Parts of you, my beloveds, are very much in harmony while other aspects of your personality and your being are not in as much harmony. So, when you take these months in preparation, part of your efforts must be to look clearly and deeply within yourselves and perceive where there is need for improvement, where love does not reign, where you may be uplifted. Pray about these things, beloved souls, pray about those parts of yourselves which are not healed in Love - those thought patterns that are old and very useless as you continue to grow in your souls.

Yes, this is a tall order - we are asking much of you - but you have set your goals high, my beloveds.  You’ve said *"I am willing to bring forth into the world a gift that has never been seen, a gift that can bring many souls to the Truth."* Because this world is of a material nature, many require material proof. Many discount the subtleties of spirit because their eyes are upon and their focus is directed towards the material. We recognize this; we recognize the attitudes that are so prevalent in this world. If there is a way and means to communicate more directly to humanity, then of course we would use this opening and gift to bring Truth to humanity for those who will listen. But even with the opening of this gift, many will not listen - we understand this as well. But every avenue used, every gift expressed, every successful enactment of God’s Guidance brings a little more Light to this world. Indeed, these Lights flicker in a dark world but they are growing and you are growing. This Light intensifies and there is a great need to bring greater Light to this world that suffers so, that suffers on every level because there is such a great disharmony in your world. There is so much error and ignorance where most of mankind indulges their physical appetites, their desire for security and power of material things and very few know their souls. Very few understand the reason why they are here in this world or where they are going. So, we must utilize every opportunity, every channel, every gift, every means that is available in order to bring forth to humanity a higher perspective on life. we seek to invite the many, many souls who live in spiritual deprivation, emotional poverty, yet are surrounded by a multiplicity of distractions so that they may not face a lacking within themselves.

In order to grab the attention of such souls one must take extreme measures and this, my beloveds, is a very overt effort to gain the attention of many. This will not guarantee that all of humanity will listen or take heed of the Truths that are given, but many will. Indeed the Light then is increased in your world and this is how it will go in God’s Plan for the salvation of mankind. Many different avenues will be taken in order to bring greater enlightenment to humanity - that they at least will recognize that there is a choice and that the effort to open themselves to God, to understand their spiritual natures, is not a waste or an illusion. It is very real and very valid, a very valid pursuit and an important one.

Now, we will make every effort that we can to facilitate this gift. We see the importance and the potential of opening this doorway, this portal so that humanity - those who are indeed very blind and shrouded with these dark human conditions - will have the opportunity to see a demonstration that will prove our existence and in this awakening, there will be an opening to Truth. Is this not what you are pursuing, my beloveds, in your attempt to bring the Truth of God’s Love into the world; to awaken and open souls to the Truth? This is God’s work and God has gifted every soul many gifts and potentials and we have entreated you often to continue to pray for The Divine Love so that these gifts may open and be developed within you. The gift of Direct Voice is but one gift but in this great effort to bring Truth to mankind, do we not need a multitude of gifts, do we not need many instruments and individuals to say *"I have turned my eyes to God in service, I desire the touch of His Love and I desire to express those things that are within me, those beautiful things within my soul that may be used by God to help to bring Truth, to heal and to comfort humanity, to reassure the lost souls that there is indeed a direction to walk, a goal to be obtained and the knowledge of this is within the soul."*

So my beloveds, you continue to speculate and ruminate upon these issues regarding your role in the development of Direct Voice and it is good that you take an accounting of your present spiritual condition and soul development and that you look to see where there is room for improvement, that you redouble your efforts in prayer, that you focus your thoughts and your intentions upon this coming project, that you prepare yourself physically for the conditions that you will be exposed to. We will work with you to develop this gift and we will require a certain physical stamina, chemical balances within the body, good health and a mind clear of negativity and judgments. In other words, to shine in the Light on every level of your being. And yes, we do not expect perfection — we understand that you live in this human condition, a condition that is not altogether conducive towards these expectations — yet you have we in spirit who constantly are with you, you have God’s Touch upon you and you continue to live in the Light. We do not ask the impossible; we merely ask that you give a great effort towards preparing yourselves for this period of time in your life where we will enter into this experiment. This great effort to bring through the Direct Voice so that we may speak directly to many souls, that we may even manifest in our physical appearance to those who only see with material eyes. And in this way we may bring manifestations of light and healing to many.  For the Truth is demonstrable even in this physical world, there is the potential to bring a clear understanding of these Truths undistorted, powerful and undeniable. 

Continue to ask your questions, dear children, continue to monitor yourselves, your behaviours, your thoughts, the patterns in your life. When you see there is room for improvement we would encourage you to take those actions required. At times when you feel that you have failed do not berate yourselves. As the old saying goes a new day dawns with each day, a new beginning. God will continue to support and Love and nurture His children and you truly are His children in the flow of His Love and Grace.  You will never be alone, you will continue to be upheld and we will continue to give instruction as you head towards this goal and these efforts and this time where you will sit for Direct Voice.

My blessings to you, my beloveds, I am Seretta Kem and I will indeed respond to your questions and queries and do so with love and anticipation for we are joyed when you put your focus upon these higher goals and higher gifts and struggle to come to a clear realization and  expression of these aspects within your soul.  God bless you, God bless you, beloveds, I love you.

