---
title: "Progression to the top of the hill"
menu_title: ""
description: "Thomas Aquinas speaks of Progression to the top of the hill"
date: 2018-01-09 00:19:54+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 328
---
# Progression to the top of the hill

November 25<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C. Canada.

Received by Al Fike

 

Think of us as climbing a knoll, a small hill and you are coming upon the crest of that hill, yet you do not see what is on the other side. You are anxious to see, you are curious to walk upon that knoll and look at the view that is before you. Such it is with your efforts and desire to develop the gift of direct voice and to move forward with that gift. You sense the impetus of moving forward, you have had experiences upon the path that you take and yet you do not truly know where this path is going. Yet you feel that you are moving forward, that something is about to happen that is important. You have made a great effort thus far to get to that point close to the crest of the knoll, close to that place of clarity and vision. Yet often near the top of the hill it requires the most effort to climb. So you have come to this place where you feel a sense of your exertion, possibly a bit of weariness and yet you want to venture forward. Your souls beckon you forward, my friends. You seek success and you seek obvious signs of success. You wish that this gift may be demonstrated as promised amongst you.

Are you ready for the changes that are coming? Are you ready to dedicate your life to this venture? For this is what it will take. Once you have reached that goal, it will take a sense of commitment, deep commitment, some sacrifice, giving over some areas of your life to the needs of sustaining this gift and expressing it and demonstrating it in the world. Every great thing accomplished in this world is because someone made a commitment to make it happen. Someone sacrificed that all too human desire to live a life that is broad in its range of experiences yet there is often no focus. The commitment to this project, this effort, requires focus. It requires a desire to put your energies into the sustenance and execution of this great work ahead of you. We may do a great deal to sustain this, to help it come to fruition but you as well need to be a part of it, to be at one with it. For this gift will not be given casually. It will be given because you have earned it, my friends, earned it in love, in prayer, in desire and in the time that you have spent amongst yourselves in this dark room.

What will you do when it is time for you to go home, to go back to your lives? Have you thought of this, my friends? Or is it merely a great effort to get to this goal, to reach the top of this hill? Have you considered what might come of this gift, where you may go and be guided to reach out to many souls? Those who are purposeful in their lives are dedicated and put forth their commitment to the gifts that they possess and the impetus that God has given in the expression of these gifts. I speak seriously, my friends, for you are close indeed. But are you ready? Have you considered the consequences of your actions that if this gift comes forth you cannot say: *"Oh, can we now congratulate ourselves and go back to our regular lives?"* This is not possible if you are serious about your commitment. For there will be no normal life from then on. There will be a semblance of such, periods where your life will carry on where it has for many years but there will be times when you will be called upon, each one of you, to dedicate your time, your love, to exert yourself in service to God in this way. Can you truly say that you are willing, beloved souls, to go beyond your comfort zone, and those places so familiar, to give up a sense of routine for something that may call you to unfamiliar places and unfamiliar experiences? Some of you are excited by this prospect. Some of you are nervous. Some of you have not thought of this at all. 

But it is a reality that you must consider, a possibility that lays before you. It cannot be ignored. Well, it could be ignored and that would be your choice. But after all of this effort from you and from us, would you truly turn away, because God has asked you to step forward to express yourself in service to bring the Truth of God's Love where God will guide you to go. Will there be times when this will be inconvenient and troublesome? Yes, my beloveds, this is the nature of your world. We understand that there are demands upon each one of you from those you love, from those conditions in your lives that beckon you to pay attention, to exert effort towards. I cannot promise you that you will avoid tensions within your life regarding this plan and that there will be times of choice. It is not that God wishes for you or others to suffer, but when you rise above the human condition and you make efforts to serve for the greater good of mankind, there will be sacrifices. At times you will need to put the needs of the few behind for the needs of many. So those around you must adjust to these circumstances. Our feeling is that as you progress with this gift, there will be more demands upon you. Once this is known, once these manifestations begin to be noticed, once you are familiar and are able to carry this gift with competency and harmony, then much can happen in a short time. Are you ready for this, my friends?

You all have attachments to various aspects of your lives. This is understandable. We do not wish to see your lives turned upside down and great pain felt by you and by those you love. No, this is not the way of God. But if you think that all will be easy, that nothing will come to you that is difficult, that requires sacrifice, I would say you are very naive indeed. So I speak to you in this way, which is serious and somewhat challenging, because of the very fact that you are on the verge of this awakening of something wonderful and exciting. But as the old saying goes *'everything has its price'* - everything does have its price. So you must embrace this and there will be other things you need to let go. In the end you will see that letting go in this way was not so difficult and brought more harmony to your lives and to the lives of your loved ones if they too are willing to be supportive of this venture.

You will be known in the world, my friends. You will be known in the world because you will bring something that heretofore has never been seen in any great way, any way that has had acceptance amongst humanity. There was some talk of humanity coming into contact with beings from other planets and how exciting that would be. I say humanity will come into contact with beings from different dimensions of your world, beings that have progressed and have grown in Light to such a degree that they will seem to be alien to you...and yet beautiful and compelling. This will cause a stir, my friends. This will bring many souls to awaken to the possibilities of life. You must speak of the road that is taken to come to these exalted states of soul, being in awareness, the power of God's Love. Though it is tempting to be distracted by the manifestations, to yearn for more and more, to build in momentum the experiences of these exertions by spirit and angels and the blessings of God upon them, I say to you, your message remains the same as does ours: Seek ye the Kingdom of Heaven through the power of God's Love and all else shall to come to any and all souls who do so. This is your message, beloved souls. This is what you must repeat again and again, emphasizing this Truth, bringing it into your conversations, bringing it into what you speak of as you carry this gift which is merely to augment your words and to bring clarity, power and validity to what you have to say. You will be speaking, standing up and speaking to many. It is your words which must be chosen carefully and with the wisdom of your soul that must stir the interest of humanity. If there is a flicker of light, a manifestation of the presence of a spirit and an angel, this is a blessing, this is a gift from God but it is not the purpose of your work. It is merely another tool that you can use, that God can use, that we can use to help ignite the imagination of mankind to inspire the souls of this world. As we have said over and over again, it is the demonstration of love within you, in your souls, the countenance of your being, the light that you carry, the wisdom that you have, the gifts that you use for the benefit of mankind that brings the Truth in a way that is substantial.

So my beloveds, continue to seek the Love of God always, let this be your fervent prayer and know that you have been guided in this way to come together to develop this gift. This is the Will of God, my friends. This is a blessing from God indeed. Yet each and every day that you have walked this Path Divine, has not God guided you to seek communion with Him, to come ever closer to His beautiful Soul through receiving His gift of Love? This has been your project in life. What we do here is merely an adjunct to what it is that you have been doing for several years, if not many years, to develop a soul resplendent in Divine Love. This is the powerful agent that will bring to humanity the Truth. Without it you may have any number of manifestations but for what purpose, for what meaning? All is to point to this simple Truth, to encourage your brothers and sisters to turn their eyes to the Heavenly Father, to seek His Touch within their souls.

So you come closer to the top of this hill and you will see the view on the other side. In your own way you will come to an understanding, a continuance of the awakening of your souls. In some ways this will be very exciting indeed and in other ways very sobering. For you will no longer be children. You will start to grow and mature, to be God's instruments in the world carrying the Light, the Truth and the responsibility that comes with these gifts that have been given so readily and powerfully. You have sought the Kingdom and many things have come to you as a result of your efforts, your desire, your prayers as your souls grow in beauty, as the awareness of your souls begin to come to consciousness and you embrace and accept a new way of thinking and doing and being in the world. So change must come from this, from all of this. It will have its impact in your lives. You must be willing to embrace change, to adjust, to walk closer to God, to increase your faith and trust in God's Will and in God's plan for the salvation of mankind. For within your souls you have already committed yourself to God in this way. Now your minds begin to awaken to this very fact that indeed has been present within you since you were born. Each of you realizes you have a purpose, something important for you to do. God now prepares you and equips you so that you may fulfill this purpose in beautiful and perfect ways, filled with love, filled with joy, filled with wisdom and grace.

May you consider, my beloved friends, the road on which you travel. You travel together. You travel with God. You are accompanied by many, many angels and spirits who walk with you in loving support, in gracious guidance and help, helping you to be strong and clear, to have what is required to express this gift in the world, to give this gift to humanity. May we all travel together in this Light seeking for the highest, greatest good for humanity in accordance and in alignment with the Will of God. Indeed, your life is about to change. Much is about to take hold and be expressed through you, around you - so much, so much work to be done. May your souls be joyously open to the opportunities that God has placed before you. May your minds find desire and interest in what may be laid before you, that all parts of you may step forth boldly and joyfully. Do not restrict the Will of God, my beloveds, but seek to know, to accept and to express His perfect Will in your lives and all will fall into place. In the end there will be great harmony, a wonderment, an awesomeness, a glory to your lives, for God will touch you mightily and the flow of His Light within you will carry you in this world like never before. It comes - it comes close. You will be blessed, carried, guided and loved.

God bless you, my friends. I am Thomas Aquinas. I love you, my beautiful earth friends, beautiful indeed, full of such potential and Light and Love. God bless you. God bless you.

