---
title: "Release the Imaginings of the Mind"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustines says Release the Imaginings of the Mind"
date: 2018-01-09 00:19:54+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 328
---
# Release the Imaginings of the Mind

November 26<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C. Canada.

Received by Al Fike

 

Beloved souls, I am your teacher Augustine. You hear the bell toll do you not? Calling you to service. Calling you to awaken your souls so that you may serve God effectively and as His clear channels in this world. Yet you see the enormity of what is ahead with a sense of trepidation and excitement. Your mind wonders greatly, what will become of us? What will become of me in this great tumult of the changing conditions of this world? What will become of my family and those I love and my life? 

These are all sobering thoughts are they not, and valid concerns. What you must realize first and foremost is that the changing conditions of the world are predestined and will take place, whether you are prepared or not. This will be, beloved souls, this will be. How you respond, how you are able to move through these conditions, how you are able to be used as God's channels of love and truth and comfort and light in a world that will be swept away in this changing light and condition, is always a choice. There is always a choice and yet your souls know. They continue to respond to the toll of the bell, these changes that are coming, the warnings that have been given, along with the comfort and the upliftment and the blessings and the gifts that are opening.

God is preparing you beloved souls. He is giving to you like never before in such deep and profound love and He up-lifts you. He brings you to that place of awakening and knowing. In this come the tears and the joy, the confusion and the strength for you to be ready for what is to come. You must undergo your own transformation, your own reckoning and your own healing. 

So you are given this gift by God to come to the awareness of those conditions within you that will hinder your progress in the future. Yet God offers His Love to heal you, to bring the balm of His Love, the warmth and the comfort of HIs Touch to help you to heal and be made whole in light and love. For without this healing, without letting go of those conditions that are not of love within you, that are places of pain and recognition of past hurts, experiences in life, you will not be able to step forward in the world. In a world that will look to blame, to throw its anger upon you, to see you as challenging and will not want to understand the message you wish to give. If you harbor tender places within yourself that are sensitive to hurt and rejection, that seeks to be loved and accepted, then you will be intensely vulnerable to these attacks that come from the lost souls expressing their own pain, their own confusion and their doubt. So you are meant to be strong beloved souls - strong in the face of any storms, the winds of change, the conditions of this world that are not of love and harmony.

Here you sit in your chamber, your cocoon of love where you are safe, where you are comforted, where God surrounds you and envelops you in light. A gift indeed. A gift you have asked for and God has responded accordingly. Yet in your mind's eye you glimpse of the conditions outside of your little chamber and you wonder how may I integrate this experience of love, of peace, of safety into the wider world. And I say, the more you are in touch with your souls, and in so doing you are in touch with that strength within, that clear vision within, then the conditions of this world of yours cannot harm you or touch those vulnerable places because you have chosen to serve God, to be aligned with God. In this many blessings come, a strength, a surety, a sense of peace and most of all a channel of love. When you give love, so much negativity in the world is dissipated. This may not be readily obvious, for those who are in deep pain will continue to express their anger and not return your love, but with the perceptions of the soul and the love within your soul, rather than hurt as a reaction to their response, there is love and compassion.

You are well aware of the conditions of this world my beloved souls - the intensity of the darkness and the error that most of humanity is lost and asleep. It is not your job beloveds to awaken humanity, it is God's job. Your part to play is to be present as His Channel of Love in the world. When there are times for you to speak, you will speak. When there are times for you to be quiet, so you will be. But that Love, the Love of God, will always shine through and this comes with wisdom beloved souls. With wisdom you will know what to say and when to say what must be said. At other times you will keep your own counsel, knowing that is the best approach. God will guide you through each moment beloved souls. He will uplift you and sustain you. The power of His Love and Truth and Wisdom will flow through you like never before. What seems complex to you now, will not be so in the future. For in this sustained flow of service and love, all that you require will be manifest within you and through you. It is a compact between you and God, this trust in the Will of God. As the faith within your soul grows and all that comes with His Love flourishes within you, those conditions from which you sense some trepidation and concern will not be so in the future. As you move forward into the world, as you continue to grow through these experiences and through the healing of your souls, you will have the perceptions required, the understanding and the compassion so you will be equipped to deal with any such circumstances that you may encounter. It is only fear that can hold you back beloved souls. Replace fear with faith. In faith comes strength and with strength comes wisdom.

You have been asked to consider what is coming in the future. In this exercise, what is most important is to recognize the imaginations of your mind, how you assume various things about what is to come. In these assumptions are borne many errors and misunderstandings as to your future. Do not allow these things to overshadow the wisdom of your souls. With each day that wisdom grows stronger, your understanding deeper. You will not be in confusion and trepidation. You will joyfully move through this world with vast opportunities to touch many souls. In this will come a great joy, a true awakening within yourself, and an appreciation of the beauty of your souls. When one moves forward day by day, it is an exercise of faith. It is trusting that God indeed does have a plan and that each day He will reveal the next step and then the next and then the next. With humility, you decide to follow the guidance given. In this way, life becomes much simpler. 

The confusion comes with this projection of your mind regarding the flow of your life, that somehow you must make a firm decision regarding how you will proceed. I say, it is important to make a commitment to the Will of God, to the inflowing of HIs Love, to service to God and to allow His plan to manifest through you in wonderful ways that are surprising, beautiful, joyful. Where you find fear within your mind, banish this fear in the knowledge that there is something greater within you, higher, something that is infused with Love, with the strength of God's Touch, with the Grace of His Hand upon you. When you make this decision with every step, then you are free of your fears. You become clear as a channel of love and in this many, many blessings will flow. As you follow the Will of God each step of the way, it unlocks many doors, many opportunities, many gifts and blessings. The closer you can come in this expression of faith, this trust in God, the more powerful will be the service and the outcomes.

It is for you, beloved souls, to come to that place of deep recognition of those conflicts within you, those deep concerns. Your responsibility is to yourself and how you will proceed in this deep commitment of service to God. What this service will look like beloved souls, is completely up to God. It is for you to follow His Will, to give over your sense of responsibility, the projection of this idea that you are burdened, for you are not. God does not expect you to bring the outcomes of your service in ways that He desires. No. God will bring the outcomes forth and you will be the witness. You will accompany God in this flow for the benefit of mankind, as His servants, as His Channels of Love. You will bring forth beautiful blessings that will flow through you, beautiful manifestations that will be around you, wonderful light, great wisdom, words of inspiration, gifts, many gifts that in their expression brings joy. Not a burden, but joy!

Do not trouble yourselves that in some way you will disappoint God. This cannot be for God loves you. He loves you and it shall always be so for all eternity. He knows what is deep within your heart. He knows you better than you know yourselves and He also knows what can be manifest through you in beautiful and harmonious ways, bringing both joy and a blessing to yourself and many blessings to others. It is in this beautiful flow, this trust in the Will and Wisdom and Love of God that all will be well. All will fall into place as it should be, as it will be. Know that you are loved. You are truly loved. There is no burden in this, merely joy. May you discover that deep well of joy within you, that it may express itself with every breath. For this is what God wants for you beloved souls, that your life be an expression of the joy of your soul, the beauty of your soul, the love within your soul. This is how you will serve God - a witness to the truth, an example for others to follow, an expression of much light and beauty.

God bless you my beloveds. I am your teacher Augustine. I am happy to speak to you. I hope I have allayed your fears and concerns. May you know within your heart that you will step forward into a glorious and beautiful future, resplendent with light and blessings from God. This is all you may know my beloveds that is worthy of knowing. All the other details you must leave to God and let God do His Work and this will come together in harmony, in glorious adventuresome expressions of your beautiful souls. God bless you and yes, I love you as well. I am with you. Your teacher Augustine always by your side in love, in love. God bless you.

