---
title: "Speaking of Collaboration regarding Direct Voice"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem and Jesus Speaking of Collaboration regarding Direct Voice"
date: 2017-11-22 16:51:35+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 322
---
# Speaking of Collaboration regarding Direct Voice

November 12<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you beloved souls, I am Seretta Kem.

We were very pleased with what this instrument brought forward at the meeting of this day and we wish for him and all of you to recognize that we will be using you in similar circumstances as we develop this gift of direct voice, for it will be a collaboration between yourselves and us in bringing the Truth of God's Love forth in various groups and circles and in situations around the world. You will speak your truth and we will augment your efforts with a demonstration of direct voice. Most of these demonstrations will be short but very significant. Some will come through for a longer period, bringing important information, but generally there will be a collaboration and you will have the platform from which to speak, and God will put His Hand upon you, inspiring the words, and bringing the Truth forward. 

I wish for this instrument to know that what he spoke of and how he spoke was not all together our doing for he is a gifted speaker. Our role in this was to help to align his mind with his soul to bring that condition forward so that he may speak clearly and truthfully as this condition of harmony within him was sustained with our help. He was able to put his faith in our efforts and in his gifts, to bring forth a much-needed response to those who were listening. Do you not see my beloveds, how this will unfold as you continue to make connections with many groups around the world, that you do indeed have a valuable contribution, something very important indeed to this effort? It is not one-sided. We all take equal responsibility for the outcomes of these communications with humanity. Each of you must see yourselves as having the opportunity to speak in these situations and to do so in collaboration with our efforts and in harmony with the gift of direct voice. Yes, we will speak with direct voice. We will manifest with a gift of direct voice, but it's important for you to recognize that you have a role to play, a contribution in every way, concerning this project. You will not sit by mute and passive, no, my beloveds. Your roles will be active and important to the outcomes of the clear communications of Truth given to many who are eager to listen. 

Today many souls were touched, not only in the material plane but in the spirit world as well. For there were many more spirits with you listening and observing. In fact there was a sort of demonstration of direct voice in the spirit world as you brought forth your comments and lectures. So we are getting closer to the demonstration that you so desire. It builds. It requires more work, more efforts on all our parts to bring this gift forward clearly and consistently. It starts with a desire, my friends. A desire to step forward, to be proactive and know with the power of the faith within your soul and the Truth and Love that radiates in that place, that you must step forward, you must speak, you must share your experience, share your joy, even your humor. To be a soul open and sharing and loving towards those who are with you. 

You all know the truth beloved souls. You begin to understand the power of this Love, the effects of this Love that is transforming your very being and healing the deep fissures within your souls, bringing profound joy and understanding. So you become the powerful instrument of Truth as you share your knowledge, your Love, who you truly are as the wisdom of your soul melds with the knowledge of your mind and all is tempered by the Love of God. In this way you make a profound impression upon those you meet and those you speak to. You carry the condition of God's Grace. Indeed you are the water carriers, the waters of life and you offer this to your brothers and sisters with your words and your actions. You point to the source of the Living Waters – God’s Love. We cannot bring these Truths, we cannot make a powerful expression of Truth in this world without you, without each one of you being a part of this work, putting aside your own needs so that you may serve God in this way. Recognize the blessings and the guidance that God has to give, so that you may recognize what you must do, and what is meant to be and how it must be expressed. 

Now I am not suggesting that you all should have attended this circle, this is not the point I'm making, this is not relevant; but I wish to use the example of this instrument so that you may recognize that each of you will be called in this way. Each of you have gifts to share. I also wish to acknowledge beloved Jeanne for her efforts, for she too stepped forward in Love and gave of herself in Love and shared the stories of her dear friend who also, in her way, brought the Truth of Love and demonstrated this Truth to the circles in which she participated in. So you see, you may be well prepared, filled with many blessings, uplifted in many ways, given the gifts of the Father’s Love within your souls, expanding in this light- joyfully. But each of you, each of you must see that part of this experience, a part of what is happening to you, is inherit in the opportunity to serve God in this way, to serve God by speaking the truth to your brothers and sisters wherever you can, however you can. Indeed we have encouraged you to demonstrate the Truth often, to be a channel of Love wherever you go. This is the cornerstone of your work and yet your work will expand, beloved souls. Opportunities will be laid at your feet so that you may serve God in many ways, surprisingly and unexpected. You must be open to those opportunities that will come, for these are all gifts to you, they are all gifts. 

**Jesus now speaks:**

God prepares you for this work. He gives so much so that you may be uplifted, that you may receive the light, the healing and the awakening that comes with His Love. Your souls feel compelled to give love, to speak and teach these Truths, as simple as they are, to give this to the world. Do not underestimate the power of your own souls, the power of this Truth that has been given to you, the power of the awakening that is happening within you. For all of this is part of God's plan as He uses you to bring this Truth to the world. You carry a large piece of this puzzle or picture that is God's plan. You are responsible for these efforts. God will not coerce you nor will we, but we remind you and we invite you, to be a part of this plan and to recognize that all that is given to you, beloved souls, is for a reason. It is surely a benefit to you but in many ways, it is a benefit for others.

 My beloveds, open your eyes and see what is meant for you and your life, what can be, how God will clear the way and light the road for you to travel. You barely are aware of your own instrumentality, the power of the gifts the lie within you, flickers of awakenings happen to your conscious self, not truly seeing the picture as of yet, but this is coming. As you embark upon the next time together in the development of this gift of direct voice, remember that you have a great potential within you; a soul filled with many treasures and gifts that God can use to touch many others in this world. This is your true desire beloved souls, this is why you are here together: to recognise your own potentials, to bring forth your gifts, to work together to develop these gifts, to shape them into usable implements to help you in your efforts to be a channel of God's Love, to teach others and to bring blessings forth. You just begin this journey beloved souls. It is just beginning. This journey to your mind is unfathomable, but to your souls it is well known, well recognized and understood. As you come together in these prayers, may your minds begin to accept and embrace the awareness and knowledge of your souls: that you may indeed step forward with confidence, and faith, grace and Love; that these beautiful gifts within you may shine forth in beautiful ways; that many who you will encounter on your path will benefit from your gifts, from your place as a channel of God’s Love. Your world is changing beloved souls. You are changing, everything is changing. Do not fear this, but embrace this change which is truly a Gift from God. Allow Him to forge within you a wonderful expression of His creation: the awakening of your soul, the expression of your gifts, the power of the wisdom within you, the Light that comes with God's Love burning like a fire within your soul. That fire burning bright, expanding, expressing its light and warmth further and further out into this world. 

May you walk upon the path that God has destined for you, that you may accept every step willingly and joyfully and when there are challenges, realize that it is merely the effort required to open yet another gift within you, that these changes must come and with them come adjustments and further awakenings and acceptance. As your souls mature so must your minds, your actions, everything within you must come into alignment with this Light. What powerful instruments you will all become in this world, beautiful, beautiful souls bringing the priceless gifts of Truth, demonstrating The Power of Love, pointing the way to God and doing so with such humility and Grace, such beauty and light. Then you will draw many who will gaze upon you in wonderment of your beauty and ask: *“Where have you received such gifts, how may you serve in such beautiful ways, why are you in the light so purely?”* 

You are being incubated in this place and you are being transformed by Love. Absorb everything beloved souls, for all that is required is being given. Allow this to come into you. While all that is happening to you being accepted, there may come within you such a profound sense of gratitude and joy for what God is giving and for what you are accepting in this gift, in this Touch. It all flows to you beloved souls. It all flows, endlessly, endlessly.

God bless you my beloveds. I am Jesus. I have come to bless you, my beloved brothers and sisters who work upon this path and who are my disciples. May your work continue to unfold in such harmony and beauty that the power of God’s Touch may spur you forward and bring your great joy as you awaken to the call that God has made. God bless you, God bless you beloved souls. I am Jesus and I love you. God bless you.