---
title: "The various purposes of the upcoming retreat"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem advises The various purposes of the upcoming retreat"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# The various purposes of the upcoming retreat

September 10<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I come at the appointed hour to speak with you and to encourage you upon your endeavors to prepare for this great gift and the coming together of each of you to create with the circle that will bring about the gift of Direct Voice. Each of you continue to prepare yourselves, to seek out times of prayer, to be in good physical condition, to walk on this earth in harmony, to think about and send love to one another so that when you come together you will be in harmony, so that the conditions will be harmonious and ideal for this effort.

When you come together, my beloveds, do not think there will be just one focus for this is not the case. We will be using you to forge connections with other souls around this planet, to develop great surges of healing for many who will benefit on this world and for the great benefits of communicating and making clear your intentions and your thoughts and your perceptions regarding this work. Yes one sit per day will be devoted entirely to the development of Direct Voice. But you have many other hours in the day and other times of prayer together in which much can be accomplished. This is a great boon to us in spirit that you have dedicated your time and your efforts to be together for this period of prayer and development. It will be used to the fullest advantage in accordance to your ability to allow and to desire that these things may take place, so that it may be all within the harmony and flow of God’s Will.

As you continue to prepare yourselves in prayer, keep these things within your mind and express these desires to God so that your souls may be in harmony with the Will of God and that you will know in a conscious way what is meant to be, what God’s desires are for your efforts, what is in harmony with His Creation, His Love for you and for this world.

You have received a message this morning regarding the changes within this world and you must see that your efforts when you come together are to some degree a response to what is coming, that you are preparing yourselves and preparing a gift that will be utilized in order to give detailed and important information to those that are willing to listen in this world. It will be done in such a way that it cannot be misconstrued, that there cannot be a judgment that this information comes from a medium and is therefore subject to the great and deep biases of any individual that it will come directly for any soul on this planet to perceive its truth and reality. Yes, there will be those who will not believe, will never believe for they are so resolutely within their mind’s perception and reality that anything that is contra-distinct from the mind is not worthy of consideration. 

So it is in this world, for God gave all mankind free will; it is a choice. But you, my beloveds, will continue to soldier on in these efforts to bring spiritual truth to mankind, Truth that is not distorted, Truth that is clear and simple and beautiful. Is this not your goal, my beloveds, to be a clear channel for God, to bring Love, to bring Truth, to uplift, to heal, to speak and to comfort? For the powerful conditions of error and darkness in this world must be dissipated. We in spirit are bringing forth in whatever way possible great efforts to help heal this world and dispel the darkness and bring Truth. There are few that are willing to work with us, not because they refuse to do so, but because they have no idea of the potentials and possibilities that are available to every soul upon this world. When they think of spirits they are afraid and do not trust and cannot see beyond those lower planes of existence which indeed are not particularly helpful in this regard. They cannot see that as you progress up through the spheres, as you reach towards the Celestial heavens, that you bring towards you a great and powerful light, a wonderful blessing and a great potential for Truth into your midst.

If mankind could only trust in the Love and care and Truth that the angels wish to bring to each child in this world, how different it would be, how very different. For no child is alone. No soul is completely in the darkness. For there is always hope and there are many spirits of light, spirits of Love, Celestial angels who are eager to help, to help uplift, to help those who are blind and dumb and not able to see or understand, to bring them to a place where their eyes may open but a bit, that their understanding may come in increments, that wisdom and Love, strength and joy will come to them in time. This is your work, my beloveds, to bring with patience and love, strength and resolution, the truth of Love, the power of Light, the blessing of peace, the great joy that comes with opening to the Truth of God’s existence, the wonderment of God’s creation, the power of His great soul that radiates Love to all. 

So few understand and are willing to acknowledge this. Those who do are often mired in mental conditions that bring restriction and distortion. How fortunate you are, my beloveds, to see through this condition and distortion to something in a much purer form, the understanding of a soul. We continue to nurture and support each one of you so that will continue to have your eyes opened and your souls awakened and become that wonderful channel of God’s Love in this world. So few are willing, my beloveds. So we must all make this great effort to open the eyes of as many of possible. For there is a yearning in every soul to know truth and to know God. Often that yearning is stifled and buried in layers of mental condition and disbelief and emotional pain and suffering. So when you are in the world, bring your gifts in innocence and faith, you ring a bell, a clarion bell that invites the children to come and see, to come and acknowledge that tender place within each soul that is so vulnerable yet desires that connection with God, to know His Love in a personal way and to be in love with God. So you will bring this message in ways that will be powerful manifestations, great healings, wonderful Light to those who eagerly wish to see and to know. Though many may indeed be hampered by their beliefs, the error of their religious convictions, the conditions of their lives, you must not judge but step forward in love and compassion with the sure knowledge that you are doing God’s Will and His work for it is the strength of your faith, the beauty of your conviction, the light of your soul’s desire that will bring these miraculous manifestations forth. This beautiful Light and Love that will come to many through your efforts and the efforts of those who will join you and those who will follow you. For this work will continue for a very long time. The earth will be pulled up from the miasma of this darkness to a place of Light and harmony. 

You will be a part of this great effort to heal this world. God has put within each one of you a purpose, a gift, a calling and you are beginning to awaken to this and to allow this to manifest in your life without those conditions in you and around you which distort. No, my beloveds, you will know that you will indeed ring that great bell and bring the Truth to this world. You will gladly and joyfully walk in the footsteps that God has placed before you and do as God has asked in all His Love and joyous reckoning of who you are and what you are meant to do. How wonderful will be your passing into spirit when that time comes. You will look back with great satisfaction and joy as to what you have accomplished as an instrument of God’s Will. Until that great day, you continue to grow and learn and allow the outpouring of Love and the inflowing of God’s gift of Love and all the Light, all the awakening, all the cleansing and healing, all that will manifest within you and around you and in your lives. These great blessings continue to flow and much still awaits as you seek to serve God, as you are intrigued by what can be, as you come to know with that surety within your soul what will be and you bravely step forward and say ‟Yes, I am willing. I will be an instrument of God’s Will and I will let God guide me. I will do so with great desire and eagerness. I will accept with the strength of my faith and the knowing of my soul that You will guide me, dear Father, as I continue to walk this earth and that You, my dear God, will help me to love always, to love always, and to release all that which is not of Love.″

Yes, beloveds, it is Love that is the key, it is everything. You must always see from that perspective of Love. You must always be in that flow of His Love. You must always express that wondrous Love that shines within you. In this way these higher aspirations and efforts are what God is nurturing within you to bring forth in these times to come, to unleash this wondrous potential of a soul awakened in Love. 

My beloveds, we continue to walk with you, to pray with you, to prepare you, to speak and encourage. Thus, we continue in this great effort together. The time is fast approaching. The changes in the world continue to intensify and soon there will be turmoil and the world will be very unstable indeed and this is why you will act. For mankind will be filled with fear and uncertainty. There will also be a desire for God and Truth in many. God will send His children forth to speak the Truth and ring the bell of Truth. 

Are you ready, my beloveds? Are you willing? Are you strong enough? Is your faith the foundation of your life? Do you trust in the will of God? Do you walk in the Light of His Love? Can you give up those things within you that hamper your progress and are not of Love? These things I would ask that you think of each day and bring this to prayer that you may indeed grow in this Love, release all those conditions that are not of Love, and acknowledge the Light within you that you may continue to grow in this Light and live in Love. For you and those who are like you are the hope of the world, a world so rent asunder, a world that suffers so, a world that for so many looks in order but is not and continues to crumble, shift, and will continue to disintegrate allowing this new Light, this new harmony, this new Love to blossom and heal this world.

Continue in your efforts, beloveds. We will continue to assist you and help you to understand, to know, to be in Light. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem. I reside in the Celestial kingdom. I am an angel of God, redeemed by His Love and blessed by His Light. I have come to bring this Truth to the world as have many, as have many. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you. I love you.
