---
title: "The Birth of Direct Voice"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem speaks of The Birth of Direct Voice"
date: 2020-05-07 08:06:52+10:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 330
---
# The Birth of Direct Voice

December 15<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you beloved souls, I am Seretta Kem. Indeed we are close to attaining the gift of direct voice amongst you. A gift that you long for, a gift that we have a desire to assist you to obtain and a gift that God wishes to give to you beloved souls. 

When this gift comes forth, you must treat it as the treasure that it is. Not a treasure which you heap adoration upon, no my beloveds, but a treasure that is kept in the warmth of your Love, the warmth of your bosom. A treasure that is guarded in faith and Love like a newborn child needing your nurturing, needing the warmth of your soul to continue to grow and expand and truly to become a part of you my beloveds. Keeping this gift in this world so that it is alive and active amongst you requires your prayers and your desire to bring this gift forth in the highest measure of Love. It is not meant as some curiosity and manifestation to be trotted out in front of people as some proof of the existence of God. For indeed it is a powerful gift and may influence many souls, but its use and manifestation will be in accordance to God’s Will and not yours my beloveds. What comes forth from this gift will be in exact harmony with the Will of God. Just as this instrument is a receptor for the messages that we give. He does not sit in this chair with the expectation of what is to be given, what words are to be used. He merely sits in faith and prayer and allows what is to come forth to do so in harmony. And the power of this gift of mediumship is also determined by the power of those who are with him in their Love, in their support of the conditions within your circle. And such is the case of the gift of direct voice that requires your soul condition to be such that this gift may manifest in a way that is effective and beautiful and is in harmony with the laws of God and the Will of God. You cannot treat this gift as if it is an object given at your disposal and expressed in accordance to your will. No, this gift is a sacred blessing and must be treated as such. The power of God’s Love within you will ensure its vitality and capacity to be expressed in all its fullness. Although you cannot assume anything in regards to  how this gift will be played out within your service to mankind, you may have faith that what God gives, God gives in wisdom and in Love. And provided that within you is enacted the same strength, then this gift will manifest readily. You cannot have within your mind ideas about this, but you must know within your souls to recognize the blessing that it is and what will come of this blessing. We have encouraged you to go within your souls beloveds, to prepare yourselves in this way, to understand the flow of this work, this service to mankind as an expression of God’s Will and component of God’s plan. 

So I encourage you beloveds, to continue in your soulful desire to receive this gift, to express your desires to God and to do all in Love and faith. That the strength of your faith will bring a measure of confidence and all will come and unfold within the perfect will of God and the perfect timing of God. You have been told that we will not leave anything to chance in regard to the granting of this gift, and so you have been prepared and tested, strengthened and educated as to what is required to carry this precious, precious gift with you. Each of you have proven yourselves worthy, strong, faithfully carrying the Light of His Love within you, walking along the Divine Path in a conscious and pro-active way. You have been building towards this gift for many years my beloveds, and it will be a marker to your own progress, another jewel upon your crown, your beautiful Lights. 

God grants these gifts to those who are worthy and are strong enough to carry them in the name of Truth and Love and in accordance to the outflowing of His plan into this world. Hold this gift to your bosom, hold it tight. Do not take anything for granted, my beloveds, but realize how deeply God Loves you, how deeply He rewards us all  for our efforts in Love. We carry this deep blessing amongst us, joyfully accepting the beautiful blessing that it is and utilizing this gift through the recognition of our souls, which acknowledges the Will of God, so that it may touch this world to bring awakening. 

There are many, many millions of souls awaiting this gift my beloveds, not only in your world but in ours. To bring it through in your plane will mean that there are many spirits who are not endowed with great Light who will see and understand the Truth of the Father’s Love, the glory of the angels, the wonderment of the gift of Light, through what we bring to you and to us all together with this gift. So you see the power of what is to be given, that it is vast and far reaching and it cannot be given lightly or to those who would squander this precious resource. You must carry this with dignity and strength, purpose and faith. And you cannot choose how this gift will be expressed but merely follow the guidance that will be given and express the Truth that you carry within yourselves and to honor the Will of God with each breath. 

You have talked of the changes that you feel within you, those differences in your thinking, in your choices and in your perceptions of life. All of these are gifts to you from God, as His Love continues to forge that great awakening of your soul. You will find your way beloved souls, God ensures that His children will be guided and protected, Loved and nurtured. Be humble in your strength beloveds yet be strong in your faith. Do not allow others to influence you in such a way that you are diminished, or confused, or not to recognize that Love is your motive and your power and your strength. Though you will feel that this gift is great and wondrous to behold, there will be those who will discount you as to what this gift can bring. This is the way of the world. 

Do not bring this gift forward in the thought that you may convince those who are stuck within their material minds, with thoughts that are not of Light. In many cases what you bring will reinforce the faith of many and in some cases will change the minds of others. But it is not for you to determine who is touched in faith, in Love and Truth, it is for you to carry the gift wherever God guides you. And thus to do so with humility is of the greatest strength, to not judge and to not lay unreasonable expectations to God. Do not expect that every soul that encounters this blessing will be changed or transformed in some way. Many indeed will, but some will not. What will transform all souls in this world will be the changes that God will bring forth. 

The gift that you carry will bring a deep comfort to many and some understanding of why these changes have come. God weaves each one of you, so gifted, into His plan for the salvation of mankind. And thus you will step forward bravely in Light and Love, to give to your brothers and sisters what Truth and gifts that you possess. The future is coming and my beloveds, you must be willing to accept the future that God has planned for humanity and for yourselves. It is in your willingness, your strength, your Love for God and your Love for your brothers and sisters that you will enter into this magnificent flow of events and opportunities to serve. Yes your minds may reel at what is to come, but your souls already know, God has already implanted this within your souls, a knowing of what He plans for humanity. As you continue to go deep within your souls, these awareness’s will come to the fore and bring to you great comfort and knowledge as to what is to come in your lives. 

We continue to encourage you to pray for the Father’s Love, to do so fervently, to bring prayer so fully into your lives that it becomes an expression of prayer and thus the Father will use you in many ways, will take you upon many journeys, will bring forth the power of many gifts to touch humanity. You are on the verge of a wondrous journey my beloveds. Walk forth in faith, release all that may withhold Love, open your new eyes and be with God in a way that you have not been able to in the past but are fully capable of now. You have received many blessings my beloveds. God has poured His Blessings upon you. He has sent His mighty angels to touch you, to awaken you. And thus a new world opens, new perceptions, new places within you so that you may walk forward on a path that is lit, not only by God but by your own souls in harmony, in harmony with God. 

God bless you my beloveds. I stand before you in deep Love and appreciation for each one, each of my charges that have carried the lantern and made the commitment and have done so with faith and trust, understanding that all must be done in Love, with the Father’s Love. I Love you deeply, my beautiful, beautiful friends. I shall continue to walk with you for this gift, nearly formed, will need the administrations of the angels to keep this newborn alive and able to grow. We all do this together, do we not? To send our tenderest care and Love, our deep soulful appreciation and gratitude to the gifts that God has given. May we continue, beloved souls. May the Will of God be done on earth as it is in heaven. God bless you my beloveds. The world begins to open, seen with fresh eyes, known with wise souls, loved from that burning flame within you and all will be well, all will be beautiful, all will be in harmony. God bless you. God bless you beloveds.