---
title: "The Allocated Guides speak."
menu_title: ""
description: "Keea Atta Kem; Matthew; Lotus Blossom; Thomas Aquinas; Martha speak on their duties"
date: 2018-05-30 05:02:53+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 314
---
# The Allocated Guides speak.

October 22<sup>nd</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

It is Keea Atta Kem. My heart is swelling with joy and love for you, beloved souls, everyone precious, precious beautiful souls. We are grateful that you have heard the call and wish to serve in this way. May you continue to be uplifted and to be in harmony to joyfully serve, that your eyes may be opened, that your souls will revel in the Light of the Father's Love, that you will journey forward to places you have never been, to experiences new and uplifting and beautiful as you come to truly know your own souls and what is possible with Love.

Beloved souls, I serve you to bring light, many different colors of light to your circle. This instrument has seen the light that will be present. It is my duty and my honor, my privilege to coordinate this aspect of development for you, my beloveds. There are many powerful spirits and angels who will be assisting in this culmination of light and energies that will assist in developing the Direct Voice. This is a complex matter which would be difficult to explain to you but know that many, many have dedicated their time, their prayers, their efforts, their love and their gifts to the development of this gift amongst you. 

So we begin. We begin with joy, with hope, with desire and Love. How this uplifts you, beloved souls, and brings you to that place of awakening and knowing. We will continue to inform you of our progress, our efforts as you retreat to the chamber in prayer and openness and a deep desire to serve in this way, beloved souls. You are truly blessed with this opportunity and we are blessed to be a part of this plan that is unfolding and evolving and coming to fruition. So it will be. So it will be. God bless you. God bless you, beloved souls. 

I am Matthew. I come with the power and the Light. It will serve to draw many spirits and angels into your midst. My role will be to communicate with these many spirits who are curious and draw close to you. There are many thousands who are interested in your work for nothing of this caliber and venture has been accomplished in this world, ever. So you are the first and we feel you will certainly not be the last. But you will be the vanguards for many more to follow, to open up many lines of communication to the world of spirit and the Celestial spheres so that there is more understanding between mortals and spirits and the Truths that we spirits and angels have to share with you on earth who seem to stumble in the dark so resolutely. It is difficult for us to watch this world continue to degenerate in this condition, a perfect creation that God has given as a gift to each one of you to live within it. 

So you are making an effort to bring change to this world, to bring Truth and deeper understanding, to show the way of Love, to be an example thereof. As you come together the thoughts of improving your own Light and learning and growing within your soul which you surely will, remember that this will benefit not just yourselves but many in your world and many in my world. It is - can be - a very powerful gift, one with many potentials, possibilities that you at this time are not even aware of. So I stand with you with my might, my gifts and my desire that you be successful, that great portals of communication may be opened. I will be helping to coordinate how this will progress not only in your world but in mine. I am privileged to be a part of this in such a unique and intimate way, a gift to me from God, a blessing indeed. I thank each one of you for your willingness and openness, your love for God and your love for Truth. For it is Truth that we will bring forth and it is Truth that will set the world free from the tyranny that it is now facing in so many ways, so many ways that draw humanity away from Truth and happiness and joy and peace. So you will show them a different way through your instrumentality, your gifts, your desire to bring the Light forward to this world. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you and keep you always in His Light and care and Love. You will be blessed. You will carry forward this Truth and this torch of Light and in time you will bring it to others and gift it to others for they too will carry this torch to others. So it will go. So it will go. God bless you. I am Matthew. I love you. I love you dearly.

I am Lotus Blossom. I bring my love. I bring my love to you all. I am your servant in this great work. I bring healing energies for your bodies to help you to adjust and align yourselves to what is required to fulfill this gift. So think of me as your physician, caring for you each one each day helping to impress upon you what you require in terms of nutrition and in terms of your mental diet and to bring your energies into harmony. So I have been working with each one of you in these months. I will do so with more intensity as you begin in earnest your work. God bless you, beloveds. I am here to serve you, to help you, to uplift, to bring greater harmony to each one. I will use my gifts as best to my abilities to do so. This is my promise to each one of you. God bless you.

I am Thomas Aquinas. My responsibility will entail organizing those spirits and angels who will in time be speaking through you with Direct Voice. I will help them to adjust to the conditions in this world to speak and present themselves in ways that are recognizable by you on earth. For many of these souls have progressed in a vast and beautiful way and would not be recognized by you on earth even though they have had their experiences in this world. So they must adjust themselves to present themselves in accordance to a way in which others may acknowledge and understand and believe that they are who they are. Of course, some of these angels do not need my tutelage. Our Master, Jesus, will present himself in all his light and glory. There is no need for my help for the most precious and gifted soul in the universe needs not the help of one like myself. But there are many others who desire to be a part of this great experiment and effort. So we are working diligently to prepare each soul so that they may be successful in their attempts to be a clearer instrument to bring Truth to humanity. I am humbled by the opportunity that you present to us. I am grateful to you, my friends. I will do my utmost to help you to accomplish this gift in a way that it will bring the highest Truths, the most beautiful souls forward in this world that they may share their Love, their Truth, their presence, their Light with many.

We must all work hard, my friends, to be diligent, to strive to the highest and best good, to not let the biases of our minds interrupt the knowings of our souls, to be clear and simple in our manners of communication and assumptions, to be loving at all times, to be willing to give of ourselves in Love always. Beautiful souls, each of you have many gifts that you will begin to discover as we journey together. We will all help you to see what it is that lies within you, these great potentials and treasures. You will see. You will recognize and acknowledge the beautiful gifts within as God ignites so much within your souls, a veritable garden of exquisite beauty and wonders and expressions of God's creation. God bless you, my beloved beautiful friends. I am Thomas Aquinas. I am within the Celestial Kingdom, an angel of God redeemed by His Love. God bless you. God bless you.

And last but not least, I am Martha. What an honor and privilege it is to be a part of this circle. Because I lived in this world not that many years ago, it gives me a certain perspective and an understanding of the challenges that you face. I am here to encourage you to see in clear and practical ways how you may express your gifts in the world. I will be guiding each one of you, giving what I have of knowledge and wisdom, seeking to help you to dispel any doubts and error and barriers. For I understand you so well, my friends. I understand the challenges that you must deal with in this life. 

I am here to help you, to uplift you, to allow that which holds you back to be released for I have the gift of healing that God's Love has ignited within me. My compassionate understanding will benefit you all I'm sure. Think of me as your kindly grandmother and call upon me when you need to be comforted. Call upon me when you are confused. Call upon me when you need someone to help you to be closer to God. I will pray with you. I will be with you as a comforter and an instrument of God's Will. For each one of us that have dedicated ourselves to this circle are here to help you all, to serve to bring success to your ventures. God bless you, beloveds. May His Love always find a way into your souls constant bringing greater Light within you, beautiful Love, beautiful qualities, beautiful Light. God bless you, beloveds. I am Martha. I am so happy to be with you in this way. I love you. 