---
title: "The Purpose of Direct Voice"
menu_title: ""
description: "Matthew explains The Purpose of Direct Voice"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# The Purpose of Direct Voice

October 4<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

I am Matthew and I have come to give some direction regarding direct voice. I wish to help you to understand why this gift is important, how this will influence others so that they may follow a direction that is more in harmony with God’s Will and God’s laws of creation. 

Mankind has severely disrupted the conditions of this world and in these disruptions come great suffering and destruction of the natural order of this world. It has come to a point where this world may be destroyed if man is to continue to be allowed to express his desire for power and dominance over the natural order. God will not allow this, for this is God’s creation and God’s domain. So few understand this; how God created an environment for His children and His creation to flourish and God created enough that all of His creation and all aspects of His creation, including mankind, are sustained and their needs are met. This is no longer the case as all elements of this world continue to diminish, not only in its characteristics, but also in those subtle energies that sustain life in this world. His beautiful symmetry, balance and beauty, as all elements that come together in harmony, are being attacked and disrupted. I know amongst humanity there is an attitude that with enough knowledge and enough creativity, they may be able to right the imbalances to sustain the natural order of this world. I would suggest that this is not possible because of the limited amount of time that this world has in order to come back into balance. 

Alas, God must intervene. He brings energies and blessings abundantly to this world in order to bolster, not only the energetic conditions of this world, but for those of you who wish to be a part of this great effort, not only for the salvation of mankind but for the salvation of this Earth. A gift such as direct voice fits into this plan very well indeed. You will be participating in a great effort on behalf of we in the celestial kingdom to bring forth information and guidance to leaders of this world and to those who have a great deal of influence and power in this world. Information that is vital so that mankind may do its part to bring back the harmony of this world. 

I know each one of you do not see yourselves as ambassadors for these vital efforts to save the planet, in such a way that you are a vital force in this effort and yet you have been guided, uplifted and prepared for such a role. And there are others as we have told you. There are others and you will see how in God’s plan many of you will be banded together with a singleness of purpose and effort that must be reckoned with. You will be heard. These gifts will be known. Your efforts will not be subtle and heard only by a few. No this will be a great effort, a powerful journey for each one of you, if you are successful in your attempts to develop direct voice. I must reassure you that you have all that is required, both on this side of the veil and upon ours. There is a great deal of effort being put towards this project. It is an important effort that will bring much truth and support to humanity, so that many of these dilemmas that you face, many of the conditions in this world that are dark and create such havoc, may be neutralized and many in this world will see the error of their ways, their thoughts and their deeds. You will bring forth such compelling truth and evidence that unless an individual forcefully turns away from this, this truth, they cannot but listen to what is said, what is demonstrated. 

Yes, you live in a very crucial time in the growth of humanity. Mankind comes to a point where it may evolve into a being of light, of wisdom and harmony, or may devolve once again into something that is not fully human. This has happened in the past. As you maintain and nurture your animalistic nature, that part of you that is merely a physical being existing in a physical world, neglecting the spiritual side of yourselves, your souls, your physical bodies and your existence will reflect this. Although your scientists reject the evidence, mankind was created perfect and was given the opportunity to be in relationship with God in a wonderful way, yet this was rejected and so His beautiful creation devolved into an animalistic state, which your science calls primitive man. Man began to rise again from these conditions and to some degree recognize their own souls, their own potentials as a child of man and a creation of God. So you have come to a point where the spiritual must have the dominant influence over the material and physical characteristics and if mankind does not choose to follow this path that is destined by God and turns away, because each has the power of free will and can choose, then the cycle begins again and the conditions of this world deteriorate and will be reflected in the conditions of mankind. 

So you see my beloveds, this is a very serious time in the world, and yet a time filled with possibilities and promise. It is for you my beloved souls to bring this message forward, to talk of the choices humanity has to make in order to be in greater harmony with God that their spiritual natures will shine through, that love may be the currency of existence and the material will follow in harmony with this choice for love. This is the message that must come through to humanity that they may understand the power that they have to influence their destinies, their existence in the world and the existence of those that will come after them. Will they build a world of light through their relationship with the Source of All Light, the Heavenly Father, or will they continue to be insistent upon their own power and their own ways of living in this world? Can they not see that how they continue to express their lives, go about their existence in this world is showing many signs of deterioration?  Many problems are beginning to show in such a way that it cannot be denied that there are imbalances in this world. Yes, many choose to keep their eyes firmly shut, to go about their lives in a state of somnambulance, to not look but to continue to be asleep. Yet the conditions of this world continue to accelerate and will force them to wake up and open their eyes. This is when you are most effective in the world. When the children begin to see, begin to ask questions, begin to look seriously at their own existence, the existence of mankind in this world, you must come with the truth. You must point your fingers to God and say, *"This is the source of truth, God will give you the answers that you require if mankind only would desire to be guided by God, to seek love and light and harmony."*

Although this message has been given many times over many, many years, few truly understand. Now that these conditions in the world are so severe and will become further so, mankind must look. There will be no hiding of the truth. So you must be strong my friends. You must be very strong and willing to step forward for the benefit of mankind and bring these simple truths in powerful ways so that all may understand and see, without confusion or denial. This is the plan my beloveds. This is what is meant to be, as we work together upon this great effort. God’s plan will manifest in many different ways and will come forward through many different individuals. You will meet many, many souls of light. Some will see as you see, understand as you understand, but many will not and yet they bring a light, they bring a piece of the puzzle. It is for you to bring love and acceptance, to say yes you are my brother, you are my sister and we work together in our efforts to express the will of God through each one of us. As we have spoken before, humanity has many layers, many different expressions in this world, but it is love that will connect you all, the love of the soul. Where the mind may be reeling with all of these complexities, the soul will come forth with wisdom, strength and love. 

Your challenge at this time is to release all that would impinge upon this flow of love, to continue to forge your connection with God ever more powerfully in your prayers, in your thoughts, to build the light within, a light that will carry you through all that will come and a light that will be noticed by those you meet. This will be your credibility - the light within your souls. Allow that light to flourish and to grow. Desire to be in harmony with your Creator, to receive ever more of His Love as He continues to work within you and prepare you for the work that is to come. The world needs your efforts and what you may give as a channel of His Love, the gifts that may come forth and bring to others great hope and great truth for mankind desperately needs this. The time has come to express your true purpose and to do so with strength and humility with an ear to God to hear His guidance and direction for each one of you. We will, as always, stand by you and help you to see and hear and listen and know so there is no confusion or misdirection in your steps. We will be with you and we love you. We love you dearly. God’s hand is surely upon you my beloveds, surely upon you. Can you not feel this - how the divine is influencing your life, how all will unfold in the grace of God’s will? God bless you beloveds. I am Matthew and I love you. God bless you.