---
title: "This Is Your Job"
menu_title: ""
description: "Mahatma Gandhi speaks of This Is Your Job"
date: 2017-11-22 16:51:35+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 322
---
# This Is Your Job

October 30<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike

 

God bless you beloved souls, I am Mahatma Gandhi. I have been observing your efforts and your work together to create the Direct Voice. I worked with your predecessors some years back to bring this gift forward and I want you to know that I am still eager to speak directly to my people. I am still recognizable in that country of India and I think that I may make an important impression upon my people if I am allowed to speak in this way. So I encourage you my friends, I encourage you deeply to continue with this effort. To seek for the highest for I am now an inhabitant of the Celestial Kingdom and I know the Father’s Love, very, very well. I know my Heavenly Father in a deep and beautiful way. 

My dear friends, when you go to these countries, so many in the world do not see the world like you of the West. Many of these people are very open to what you have to give with this gift and there are many in the Celestial Kingdom within the high spiritual realms that wish to speak to their people and are known by those they will be communicating with. This will have its impact, it will have an influence in the world encouraging the leaders and the peoples of all of these countries to step forward in Light, to change their ways, to seek, to improve the conditions of their souls and to bring greater harmony to this world. This is a massive undertaking, my dear friends, by we in spirit. To once and for all eradicate the conditions of evil in this world so that all children may walk in Light and understand that the only road worth taking is that of Light and Truth, honesty and Love. 

Not all will understand your message of Divine Love, but all will understand your message of Truth and Light regarding the behavior of mortals in this world. For these Truths will not be hard to understand. It will be clear and forthright and it is this consistent and insistent effort to bring Truth to the world that will make a difference in your world. I may use my own example when I walked the earth, I continued upon my journey undeterred by those who would try to thwart my efforts. I continued because I knew what I was doing was right and was important and benefited my brothers and sisters of my country. And you my dear and beloved souls, must also be clear in your minds why you are doing this, for what reason. What are the benefits of your efforts? It is one thing to say that God has a plan and surely he does, but for you to fit into His plan you must be clear within yourself that you desire this, and that you wish to forge ahead. For there will be many obstacles on that path of change for the world. Many will resist, many will want to have you gone. For they desire power, control and you will challenge this, my friends. Not with anger and harsh words, but with Love and with the gifts that you will present to the world. It will bring many questions to mankind, many questions and many wanting to seek a higher road in order to find a way out of their dilemmas and pain.

In my country many are seeking the material road. They see this as their salvation. And I say this is not the Truth. Materialism may bring a level of comfort and a sense of gratification of the senses of the flesh but it will not bring the strength and the fortitude that will come with the soul filled with Love. For those who seek the material, their senses and their understandings are clouded by this pursuit. When one seeks God, the clouds dissipate, do they not? And clear understanding comes to both the mind and the soul. It is this strength, this clarity, this desire for good that will make you a leader in the world. But not a leader that has fashioned his persona and his plan with his own will and might, rather you will follow the Will of God. You will listen to His still voice within you and you will act accordingly. Just as our brother Jesus did in His mission, so you will do upon your journey in this world to bring Truth to mankind. But it does require a type of resolve, a steadfastness that is not easy to come by. And this is why you to seek  the breath of God within your soul, so that you may truly be resolute in Love and Truth and not confused or ambivalent. Faith that builds with Love, the Divine Love, does not allow these human conditions to dominate your mind.  Instead, there is a calmness of peace and a knowing that cannot be altered by the will of another, instead you march forward in Loving acknowledgement of your Father’s Will. 

Yes there is great deal of work ahead of you and you are given many dispensations and blessings at this time because you are needed, my friends, you are needed. For without those who are willing to stand up and speak the Truth and to be forthright in what they have to say, humanity will continue down this slippery slope to greater darkness, greater upheaval in this world and greater pain. They will be lost in the illusion of their own making, rather than the Truth of God’s Creation.

Bring your wisdom forward my friends and truly understand what it is that you wish to achieve. It is always good to have faith, to trust in the will of God, but in order for you to have faith in yourselves, you must understand in this deep way what you are meant to do in this world and how this may be so. And yes, you think of yourselves as fledgling chicks who are barely out of the nest. In some ways this is true, but soon you will become that winged bird, able to soar with eyes clear, able to see many things and with the capacity to travel this world, to many different places. You will be free of the encumbrances of the human condition and your needs will be provided for. Much will happen quickly, and you must be ready for this, able to move, to respond and to hear the words of God’s Will within you. For everything has speeded up, the world and the conditions of this world are changing rapidly. There is a sense of fear in the world, where nothing seems the same, everything is moving, shifting and changing. Yet many indeed do not know this, for they are blind and deaf, they cannot see because they have not been awakened. This is your job, my friends. To help awaken the souls so that they may see clearly and what they will see will not please them for they will understand that the journey of humanity at this time is one that will not lead to happiness or fulfilment, instead to darkness and pain. You must show them the way to the Light. You must speak the Truth, tell the Truth and point to the Truth. To bring the Truth with such forcefulness and yet Love, such humility and yet strength, such clarity and yet simplicity so that all will understand. They will see the Truthfulness of your words and your actions and they will hear what I and many others may say to the world through this gift of Direct Voice. We will all work together beloved souls, we will all work together, and much effort will be made to ensure that this mighty plan of God for the salvation of mankind may be enacted beautifully and effectively in this world. But God requires those who are willing. Those who seek for the highest, those who put aside their needs for the needs of the many for this is what God requires of you. This requires a strength, my beloved souls, a forthrightness and a clarity, so that you will not be tripped up by those things within you that still are not altogether convinced or understand what it is that you are doing. Think of this, my friends, think of what it is, why it is and how this will be. 

And it is my hope that when you come to that place of understanding, that a fire will be lit within you so strong, a passion so deep, a desire so pure that you will enter the world with your eyes ablaze with Love and that desire to be a channel of Love in the world. It is with this wondrous passion and beautiful expressions of your souls that you will touch many.

This is not for the meek, my friends, no, this is for the strong. This great challenge and work ahead requires a great deal of strength. Are you prepared? Do you really want this, beloved souls? Can you put aside those personal desires for your life and say: “Dear Father, I am willing to step forward without fear and without regret, so that I may truly serve you and serve my brothers and sisters in this world.”

 I know what lies ahead is a great mystery to you, my friends. You wonder should you make plans, or not make plans. Where must you go, how must you enact the Will of God. And this too is a challenge to those of you so used to making plans, to being in control of your life. But I say you must trust in the Will of God, for in this openness and trust and eagerness will come all you require in order to enact what needs to be done in this world. You will not falter because you will move with a deep faith and understand God’s Will with the faculties of your soul, of great opening and awakening of these wondrous gifts within. Leading the way clearly, and giving you the impetus to move ahead, to move in Light and to move with wisdom and strength. 

And so, as you continue to prepare yourselves for what is to come, do not assume that all the parts of your mind and your soul are in alignment with this. For there are still parts within you that are not. You must ferret out these parts of you that resist the Will of God and release these, my friends, you must release these things. It is so important that when you stand up to your brothers and sisters who are crying out for Truth and comfort, that you do not weaken in your stance but are indeed committed to this path. Every part of you must come into alignment with these goals and this opportunity to serve your Heavenly Father. Many turn away when they realize the extent of this commitment. I would urge you forward, for we need you beloved souls. God needs you beloved souls. What are you to loose in the proposition, nothing. And there is yet everything to gain, so much to gain and when that time comes when you leave this earth and you look back and say yes, I contributed to the salvation of mankind because I was willing to follow God’s Will, I was willing to act in Love and Truth. What a wondrous feeling and sense of true gratification you will feel with this insight, this understanding. Is this not worth your efforts and your commitment? Is God trying to take something away from you, my friends, no. God wants harmony for you and your lives and there is a way to bring harmony so that you lose nothing and gain everything. It comes with the awakening of your soul and listening to God’s Will. For His plan is perfect, His plan is beautiful and His plan is harmonious. So you need not fear that what you do will affect others in unpleasant and negative ways. No, my friends, they will understand and they will join you, because they will see the beauty of it, the importance of it. They will stand by your side. They will give their Love and blessings to what you do. And for those few who do not, you must ask yourself: “What is their soul condition. What do they want? Why do they resist?” And you must choose then. You must choose. Not that God wants you to choose, but those who will thwart your efforts will force you to choose.

So there is much to think about, is there not, my friends? And if there is not a tinge of trepidation within you with what I have spoken of, then I would say you are foolish. Because whenever one steps out into the world in such a way, there will always be those who will try to bring you down, to thwart your cause and to call you down and this is not pleasant. It’s not easy to stand in front of a crowd and hear their jeers and their anger. But when you are in the clearer Light of God’s touch and you are fulfilling His Will, then all that anger and darkness cannot touch you and you will see with great compassion that these blind people need your words, your compassion, your Love and your Truth. It cannot be any other way. It must be in this way, that to challenge the darkness in this world takes a great strength and a great deal of wisdom and tenacity. And yes, even if you have this beautiful gift of Direct Voice, this will not ensure that everyone will smile and congratulate you and listen, no my friends, the world is not like this. But enough will come and believe and understand so that the momentum will swing toward the Light from this dark place. 

All you can do my friends is try your best, to put your best foot forward. To be inspired by the Will of God and strengthened by your own faith as His Love pours within you continuously. That you may be a veritable fountain of Love in this world. And yes, in this way you will be spoken of many years after you leave this world. I know that you do not desire this as a goal, but it is true for those who truly stand up for Light and goodness and righteousness and Love. They are remembered, and this lights a light of Truth that cannot be extinguished readily. And so it will be good that you will be remembered because it reminds others of the dark place they struggled from and found Light, because there were those brave enough in this world to speak the Truth and bring the Light. 

My friends, you begin a wondrous journey, a wonderful period of your life, filled with many possibilities and opportunities. Nothing will be wasted, my friends and much will be accomplished. God’s hand will be upon it all, will be upon you. Feel the comfort of His touch, the beauty of His presence in your life. The wonderment of His blessings for you. His beautiful care and protection and all that comes to you so that you may grow and flourish in Light and wisdom, Love and Truth. Blessed souls, continue your efforts. I will continue to support you in whatever way I can and many, many others are also with you. You carry a great hope, my friends. A great hope that the tide of darkness in this world will turn and Light will be in your life. 

Be joyful, that you are given such incredible opportunities and so many blessings are poured upon you, so much has been given to each one of you, to help you to come to this place of realization and awakening. Your eyes begin to open, my friends and what Light and beauty comes as you awaken in this way. Let the Light and beauty of your souls begin to radiate and bring the Truth into this world. Channels of His Love, instruments of His peace. Children of God, beloved souls, God bless you. I am Mahatma Gandhi and I Love you, beloveds, beloved children of God. I Love you. God bless you.