---
title: "Trust in the wisdom of your souls"
menu_title: ""
description: "Faith speaks on Trusting in the wisdom of your souls"
date: 2017-12-01 03:17:37+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 326
---
# Trust in the wisdom of your souls

November 30<sup>th</sup>, 2017

Gibsons, B. C. Canada

Received by Al Fike.

 

God bless you, I am Faith. May the Father’s Love continue to find its inflowing into your souls, your precious souls that bring Light wherever you go. 

I wish to speak upon the subject of bringing the Truths of this Love to mankind, for have we not tried in our own ways to bring Truth. And it is your earnest desire to do so that has brought many results to this day. And the outcomes are not always as you might predict, thinking of our venture in England, how the outcomes were indeed mixed and surprising. Because you brought the Truth in simple ways and those approaches were not satisfactory to some that were in power, and so you were thwarted. The conditions of the world crowded in amongst you, upon you and brought you some grief, some anxiety and concerns. These things do not reflect your souls desire, they reflected the human condition in this world and those parts of yourself that was not in harmony with God’s Laws. Yet you tried my beloveds, you tried with all your heart and soul to bring this Light to that place and God bless you for your efforts beloved souls. God bless you, for in your anguish and confusion you turned to God. You sought the comfort from God. You came to a clear understanding as to how to proceed in this world, in order to sow those seeds of Truth. And you are the wiser for it my friends. 

It is unfortunate that in order to learn lessons one usually experiences pain. And this is not intended by God, but it is a reflection of the conditions in this world. So much comes about because of the will of man to control, to impinge upon others with their desires and their will. So the conditions of this earth continue to darken because most of mankind does not wish to listen to God. Yet you brave souls upon your ship of Truth brave the waters and continue to persevere. And God has brought you together to support one another in Love, to share this experience, to build this Light, to bring about the gifts and the potentials of gifts that you possess. 

God will grant you many blessings beloved souls because you have laid forth your commitment to serve God in this way. These gifts and blessings will continue to pour forth and bless you deeply. God will never withhold His Blessings, never. It is only contingent upon your capacity to receive, to be open, to desire and to understand the laws that govern these things - the power of prayer, the power of your own free will and the power of the longing of your souls. These things will open doors unimagined and glorious in Light. And you are feeling a measure of strength, of understanding, of Love within. You wish to move out into the world bringing these Truths to mankind, seeking avenues in which you may touch other souls as God’s channels of Love. You’ve been encouraged to do so by the angels. You’ve felt the blessings of God upon you. You have felt the support of the angels within your lives. You feel ready, at least some do. So how shall you proceed? What are the next steps? A life in service of God is a life infused with faith and trust in the Father’s Will.

Each step carefully trod with humility and wisdom shall bring you closer to the goal. And yes there will be those who will resist and even try to thwart your efforts for the power of negative forces in this world is great indeed. You travel on dark waters, tumultuous waters. And like our beloved Jesus, upon the waters of the lake, he had faith, he let God guide him forward, not speculating upon the dangers ahead, but allowing God to smooth the way and this is what must be. Do you not see that those things that were difficult in the past are not going to be typical in the future, for you have grown in the Love. You have found your way more clearly upon this path and the wisdom that you carry, the Love that grows within you, the faith, the strength within your soul which will put you in good stead my friend. 

Greater doors are opening for you, greater potentials are possible. More powerful ways of reaching souls are emerging as you continue to pray and gather together, seeking to bring forth gifts to the world. Your motives are pure and those parts of you that are confused or weary are falling away. In this comes a great strength and clarity that will push back the darkness, that will bring greater strength and clarity to what you have to say and do in this world. Each day is an opportunity and a lesson, often allowing you to see yourselves more clearly and to recognize those conditions within you that need healing with Love. You are immersed in Light beloved souls, for God prepares you with each breath for what is to come. You are now wiser and more cognizant of the pitfalls regarding your work. As you challenge those established in Truth and semi-truths, error and darkness, you will receive a response from those who are so invested in being right, of having power, of thinking they are doing God’s Will and yet they are not. 

You have the counsel of the angels and each of you must go deeper within you so that you may be more aware of this. Not to rely on one or two amongst you, but for each to give the wisdom from their souls, for each to seek the wisdom of God and to be aware of the wisdom that is given by the angels. When this is done for the highest good, then all that is given is in harmony and comes together into a clear understanding of Truth. As God prepares you in this way, so He opens these channels of communication and understanding. And you my beloved friends, must be willing and be confident and faithful as to what is being given, what you perceive in your own unique ways is important and valuable to the greater whole, the greater good of your efforts. In this way nothing is left to chance, in this way all is understood. For each soul has its blind spots, its inability to see in certain directions. Though this is temporary, at this time each of you need the other in order to see clearly, to understand. As you soul grows in the Love so these areas of misunderstanding dissipate. Whether it’s a lack of understanding, there will come a great wealth of awakening and knowing within the soul. 

All is that is good and truthful is meant for each soul and is a matter of time and growth and exertion and experience, the exercise of your souls’ desires and longings for God to bring about these avenues of Truth flowing within your soul. It is Love that opens the doors beloveds, the Love of God. As you seek to serve together, so the awakenings continue and the strength builds, the wisdom awakens, the Love flows. 

You will not be caught up in the confusing conditions that you were involved in in the past. While your enthusiasm swept you along and your faith gave you the courage to step forward, but where you lacked wisdom in the past, you now gain wisdom with each breath and you will find your way. Each of you will support the efforts of the others. Each of you know that you are meant to be a part of this beautiful gathering of souls. And the awakenings, the perceptions, the outpourings and inflowings of your soul will continue to intensify and bring you to that place of clarity. God bless you my beloved, beloved friends. I am Faith and I Love you. And I have been close. I have been close. I continue to serve you in Love. God bless you. God bless you my beloveds. I Love you.