---
title: "Adjusting to Earth Changes and Receiving Guidance through Coming Changes"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion speaks of Adjusting to Earth Changes and Receiving Guidance through Coming Changes"
date: 2025-01-22 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Adjusting to Earth Changes and Receiving Guidance through Coming Changes

July 6<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 

There are dire warnings that have been made by your scientists. Every day something is revealed, concerns about the oceans and their currents, concerns about the melting ice caps, concerns about the condition of the Earth. Indeed scientists can observe and predict certain outcomes and yet, they do not see the whole picture. Humanity prefers not to look. So you go along this course of action and deeds that create further complications and destructive outcomes that will bring Earth changes. This is inevitable. 

Yet I want to reassure each one of you that though these changes may take place, the duration of them will not be hundreds or thousands of years of disharmony upon the Earth. In terms of geological time, it will be a blink of an eye. In terms of your own experience on the Earth plane, it will take up quite a piece of your existence. It will be severe, as you have seen already in various weather patterns creating havoc upon the Earth. But these things often are localised and conditions felt acutely by those in that location. It is not that the whole world will turn upside down for everyone of you all over the planet. At least not in such a way that there will be great havoc, destruction and loss of life in the near future. 

These situations and conditions will accumulate. If you add up all that is happening, it may look as if the world is in turmoil and indeed, in a very dysfunctional state. There will be a peak of this condition, these changes, these responses and reactions from your Earth. In this, much of your cultures, societies and economies will not be able to sustain the multiple infractions upon it. Thus we urge you to be prepared, to walk in the grace of God, to be in the Love of God. For how else can you be strengthened against these conditions? If you are elevated in your soul’s condition, in your mindful condition, so that you are anticipatory toward what may happen and yet, with the understanding that these things are happening for a reason and there will be a positive outcome, in this way, you will feel comforted when you are touched personally by such conditions. 

You must be strong and clear, able to have wisdom and faith that will help you through when you see the world suffering, when you see humanity suffering. Indeed, God has created strength and flexibility in His creation, an ability to heal and recover. Indeed, cycles of change and replenishment have happened on your Earth before. These things come again. You will witness a recalibration of God’s creation upon the Earth. You will see that the folly of man will, indeed, suffer the consequences of humanity’s inability to act with wisdom, with grace and with love. 

Yet when all has happened and the changes have occurred, and the shifts have been established upon your earthly plane, you will all have the opportunity to shift in your consciousness, to shift in your priorities, to shift in your desires, to shift in your actions. As you continue to shift within your soul consciousness, as you receive the great gift of God’s Love, then you are being prepared, acclimatised so to speak, toward that which is coming. You will be able to utilise the wisdom of your soul, the consciousness of soul to help lever great change within you and around you. Indeed, as we have said and God has said many times, you will have great support and help, assistance to adjust, recalibrate and to meet your needs as they arise, despite the great barriers toward this.

Do not be fearful, my beautiful friends, although I am sure it is difficult to be joyful considering the destruction that is coming and the destruction that has already happened. But you can be of great faith, trusting in the Will of God and God’s desire to bring peace and harmony to the world. You will find this to be so at some point in the future. That all the concerns, the material concerns, all the imbalances and disharmonies will be wiped away, and you will find yourself in a world that is changed. You will find yourself wondering how you might live in such a world. In time you will find yourself in harmony with a new world. 

Indeed you will grow and expand in your consciousness. You will benefit from God’s blessings greatly. You will have the assistance of ourselves, your angel friends and bright spirits to help you. Indeed, there is no crisis that is powerful enough to thwart our assistance, God’s assistance, to help you survive and even to thrive. Yet, if you allow your mind to predominate with its fearful perspective and its mindful paradigms and logical deductions, this will cause you great suffering. For when you are within soul consciousness, the perspective is very different as you well know. With this renewed and powerful perspective within you, you will be able to cope. God will be able to communicate with you. All of God’s agents will be arraigned around you, to assist you and to assist humanity. 

Not all will collapse in a great tumult of destruction at one time. But it will cause great disruptions and cause turmoil. Many institutions will fall in time, for they cannot withstand the conditions that have been manifest on your Earth. For humanity operates and is able to function under a set of parameters that will no longer exist. So a great adjustment is required. A great need for creative solutions, for spiritual solutions, for greater understanding and greater depth into the Laws of the Universe and the Laws of the Soul, the Laws of Love. These are the resources that will help humanity reclaim its place upon the Earth. In this effort, you will have great support, great teaching, manifestations, blessings, even the gift of technologies in order to cope with a world that no longer exists and to thrive in a world that will become. 

My beloved friends, there is no need to be overly concerned for the future. I know you worry about your loved ones and for humanity as a group, the body of all of you upon the Earth. Indeed, some will perish. This is inevitable. Yet,  indeed, some will thrive and you will be surprised who will adapt, who will accept, who will forge ahead with you. This will be a dynamic time, a time when many will come to you and ask questions. A time when many will allow change within and become wise in things they were ignorant of in the past. They will come to discover the power of their own soul, the power of God’s Touch, the Divine Touch upon them. 

They will see clearly how they must live in harmony with God’s creation. You will join them and you will lead them. We will utilise each of you and many more to lead and educate. Indeed, we need you to manifest, for us to manifest, your Celestial friends to manifest in the world in order to convince and to reassure those who are panicked and lost. Indeed, it will be a dynamic time. In many ways, a wonderful time. A time that has never existed on your Earth, where such interventions, such blessings will come. Humanity, or at least that portion of humanity that ascribes toward greater light and harmony, will adjust quickly and flourish in the new world. Each one of you and your cohorts will be a part of this, and will flourish within the new paradigms of existence. 

May you all be blessed, beloved souls. Continue on your sojourn of the soul. Continue to grow and flourish in the perceptions and knowledge of the soul. Continue to see this from your individual perspective and from the perspective of your experiences in prayer, the insights that come to your soul, acknowledging these things and living by the truths that you have come to know. Thus, you become prepared. Thus, you are strong and are growing stronger. Thus, you come to know the power of love and that that love will grow and expand within you and all around you. We will journey together toward these goals, as we have time to do so. As God continues to bless you and you continue to accept those blessings, so you will be gifted, so you will be blessed, so you will know and understand in a deeper way the truths of the universe, the truths that are so needed in your world. 

God bless you, beloved souls. I am Orion and I love you. I love you so. Beautiful, beautiful beings filled with potential, filled with promise, filled with love, we will find what you are truly made of and can truly express in the world. God bless you, my friends. Blessings of love. Blessings of love. 