---
title: "Beseeches Us to BE in Soul Consciousness"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion Beseeches Us to BE in Soul Consciousness"
date: 2024-07-29 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Beseeches Us to BE in Soul Consciousness

July 13<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 


Blessings to you, my friends. I am Orion. I return once again to speak. I wish to speak about the shackles of the mind. This is truly the impediment that continues to hold you in its thrall and its power. You are human so therefore you continue to live a life that is dominated by the mind and yet you aspire for something more and deeper, that of the soul. As one who does not live on this planet, who is from far away, it is easy for me to see how you do indeed hobble yourselves with mindful ambitions and expressions. Yet, we make great efforts as do many who are arrayed around you to assist you to find freedom from these shackles, from those conditions and patterns which hold you from truly knowing your soul.. We will continue to do so until that time comes when you are free. 

Within each of you is a great admiration for your mind. It has been developed from a very early age, this adulation of intellect and deduction and its superiority over all else that is within you. Thus you are human. I do not say these things as criticism but merely as observation. Indeed, all that you do in your life requires mental acuity and intellectual ability. Indeed your society, your culture revolves around this very fact that those who are mentally astute are honoured and those who are not fall by the wayside. The harshness of this world is everywhere to be seen. 

Even though many of you aspire to be loving toward one another and toward this world of yours. In many ways, you are controlled by judgement, by fear and by need. Thus these aspects of the mind become the motivating force in your life. Yet, contrary to this are the perceptions and expressions of the soul. This, too, you are nurturing and putting great effort into developing. Indeed, between these two polar opposites, shall we say, there is conflict at times, at times dissatisfaction but at other times a great deal of gratification that comes when the soul predominates and the Love of God inflows to you and you are surrounded by the Light of God’s Touch.

You make these efforts daily. You are committed to the process of soul awakening and soul transformation. Yet, that which is so common in your world, the capacity to isolate, to segment your experiences in life, causes you to detach from the soulful condition that you so enjoy and desire so that you continue on with your mental focus and its domination. Thus, the shackles of your mind continue to hold you in place. Yet, you know this is wrong, out of harmony with the Laws of Love. It is not that your mind, in itself, is wrong. It is how you use your mind, how your mind focuses on various aspects of life, how your mind becomes the jealous one who wishes control and domination. These things are almost unconscious within you, but they exist. 

It requires your deep introspection, your deep acknowledgement of these issues. As you continue to grow in God’s Love, as your soul brightens, expands and becomes beautiful in this transformative blessing, you can no longer ignore the discrepancies, the inconsistencies that you carry. For as you do so, you create difficulties within your consciousness, often contradictions that come, doubts and fears that are so much a part of life. It is even difficult for you to live with faith to such a degree that you put aside your worries and cares about the material life so that you may carry your life in terms of your own decisions and choices. You come to that place where you must choose between the Will of God and God’s plan and your will and your plan.

I do not mean to speak in terms of black and white, this or that. It is not so. There is a blurring between mind and soul that so often happens. You are inspired by the soul which is inspired by God, inspired by bright spirits and angels and us from other planets. Yet, your mind insists upon interpreting these things in such a way that it fits neatly within your paradigm of thought and action. Rather than follow the Will of God and the truth of love completely, you have muddied the waters with mindful concerns and projections. You continue to live in both worlds in such a way that there are great compromises. 

There is a desire to have your cake and eat it too, as you would say, to be gratified by material and to be gratified by spiritual. This can be done, given the domination of the soul rather than the mind but it is not done by you, my friends, at this time. To a degree it is the case but not to the degree that is required if you are to step forth in the world as examples, as beautiful channels of God’s light that are pure and unsullied by the human condition.

I must say these things because often you are lulled by an acquiesce that comes from the mind’s gratification and its sense of security because it has dominance because the shackles still exist. I say these things to stir your thinking, to possibly inspire you to contemplate and consider your condition at this time. You have within you both a strong mind and a strong soul. What is required is an even stronger soul and a weaker mind, not a mind that has lost its abilities and acuities to deal with the material world, but a mind that does not dominate every moment. 

When you think of your centre of consciousness, where does that exist in you? For all of you I would say that it exists within your mind and your head, so to speak. That centre of consciousness is up high in your being, your body, because that is where the mind exists. It is a function of the brain and the mind co-existing in your reality, your consciousness. Yet, when soul consciousness is achieved, that centre of consciousness in its physicality is within the chest and the solar plexus region. This is where your soul exists and sometimes you feel this shift of consciousness, a deepening and resting within the soul. Often and certainly when you are finished with this experience, the automatic response is to shift back to that level of consciousness which is mind.

We wish for you to practise deepening your consciousness, feeling it within the soul whether that is a physical feeling or not is somewhat irrelevant. I merely use that example to indicate what I mean. Yet, you must go to your soul and you must not allow the mind such dominance. You must not allow the mind to segment your experiences in life. You must allow the soul to encompass all of that which is of the mind. You must allow the soul to be the predominant focus of consciousness. This can be achieved in your lifetime. When it is, oh, what formidable instruments, channels of love, light and truth, of joy and peace you will be! This is our goal. Ironically, I must speak to you in words, but words are not so much a part of the soul. Words are of the mind. Yet, here we are, I must speak to you on your level, where you are at. You will continue to struggle with this invitation to have your souls dominate. Yet dominate is not a good word to describe what that means. Rather predominance might be better, that your existence, your consciousness may be within the soul in a reflexive and natural way that happens when your soul is transformed and redeemed in the Love of God. Without the power of transformation and redemption, your capacity to truly be within your soul would be very weak and meagre.

Certainly those who follow the path of what you call the natural love can have insights and perceptions from the soul, but they require and depend upon the natural love instincts and existence within the soul. This will bring you only to a certain level of consciousness. Whereas with the soul infilled with the Essence of God, there are no limitations and that predominance becomes so powerful, so all-encompassing that any meagre perceptions and ideas that come from the soul engendered by the natural love and perceptions is absorbed and becomes truly a part of the soul redeemed and full of love.

This is our goal, my beloved friends. I know you’ve heard these ideas and teachings before, but I an attempting to put these things together in a clear and concise way so that you may see more clearly the challenges that you face. It is an uphill climb. It requires great effort but once you have met that threshold of soul predominance, then you will see that your efforts have been well worth it. You will see how you have accomplished something magnificent and beautiful. You will feel joy, great joy. You will know peace, great peace and you will have wisdom beyond wisdom. Thus, the shackles will be removed and freedom obtained by your efforts to release your consciousness from mindful domination.

My beloved friends, would you not want to walk in the world in this condition and state of light? Would you not want to be God’s instruments in this way, the purity and the clarity coming through you, unsullied by the mind’s ideas and perceptions about what being an instrument for God is like? Rather, you will be pure and an innocence regained within the mind, child-like and yet wise, capable and yet willing to follow the Will of God. The truth that you know will be far beyond the truth of the mind and its knowledge. Your sense of being, of existing in the world will not be predicated upon your mindful perceptions of yourself. Rather, your soul will know itself truly, purely and deeply. The charisma that you will carry with this condition of light will become irresistible to many who are seeking truth. The power of the truth that you carry, the power of the love that you have and that flows through you will bring many, many souls flocking around you, beloveds. 

Oh yes, you will be that instrument that you are inspired to be and aspire to be. You will be that light that you wish to have. You will walk in the grace of God every breath, every moment of your existence. All the material concerns, all the worries and cares of a life that is dominated by the mind will fall away. For you have the key to unlock the shackles, that key is Love, Divine Love. Seek it with the utmost of desires. Pray often for this gift and discipline yourself to the point where the dominance of your mind is acquiesced by the power of love.

May you be blessed, my beautiful friends, by the great transformation that God intends for each of you to have and experience and to exist within. It is coming. It continues to build within you and it shall be a potent force to realign and recalibrate everything within you. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and my love for you is great. I have such compassion for your struggles. Indeed, in my compassion, I have great gratitude that I live within a world that has never seen such struggle and is free from these dilemmas that you carry. I love you. I support you and I will do all that I can to uphold you. God bless you, my friends. In the truth of love, may you be blessed. 