---
title: "Blesses Travelers Spreading the Truths of God’s Love"
menu_title: "Blesses Travelers Spreading the Truths of God’s Love"
date: 2024-11-27 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Blesses Travelers Spreading the Truths of God’s Love 

September 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 

May the blessings of God be with you, beloved and beautiful, precious children of God. I am Confucius and I come to relay a message to the dear travellers that, indeed, I will spearhead this journey. I will be close to you. In fact, there will be times when I will rest upon the front of the vehicle with the wind blowing through my hair, my beard splayed forth in all its splendour. Oh, I make a joke as you call it. But yes, I will be there with you, my beloved, beloved friends. I will be with each gathering that comes, each soul that earnestly seeks the Father’s Love. I will be with you in prayer and bring what blessings I might with my gifts and my love. 

Beloved souls, each of you who ventures forth into the world seeking to be a channel of blessings, seeking to bring the truth of God’s Love forward, the angels accompany you. The angels come close because your dedication and your commitment brings this closeness, this rapport between you and your angel friends, between your great and beautiful soul and God’s great and beautiful Soul. All these connections that are made, the Lattice of Light that spreads forth in all directions touching many souls, this is a most important mission and effort. I urge you all to join with these travellers in your prayers, your thoughts and your good intentions. For you will help them and help bring about the many openings and connections that are possible as these intrepid souls travel in the world seeking out the searching souls, the longing souls, and doing God’s bidding in the world. 

My beloved and beautiful friends, each of you has the power to bring light, to share light and love. I urge you to do so with all the efforts that are being made in the world to reach out to others. Those efforts will expand and multiply as the numbers of earnest souls gather and add to their numbers so that there is a great gathering, a great collection of souls who are willing to work to bring the simple but most powerful truth of God’s Love to the world. Each of you who make those efforts, each of you who do your part, know that God blesses you for this and that you are truly blessed because of it. Indeed, when your time comes to enter into the realms of spirit, you will look back and see the journey that you have made and the work that you have accomplished, and it will put a smile on your face. A sense of contentment and joy that yes, I have served God to the best of my abilities, and God has used me to the best of the gifts and blessings that may come through me and may come to others through me. 

It is a beautiful and layered effort, much of which you do not understand or see. But you will in time. You will in time. We wish for you to know, to come to that place of knowing, of perceiving, of understanding the work that is God’s plan and intention for humanity. You will come to realise these things and your part within that great flow and effort that is God’s desire that every child might know that they have a choice, a choice to receive the gift of His Love. They may choose not to receive, but many will choose once they realise the potency, the light and the beauty of this gift, how it may transform the soul, how it may transform every being that God has created that possesses a soul. That they may truly be in alignment with God. That they may truly understand the power and the wonderment of God’s Love for them and for the world, and that they may be a channel of that love for others bringing comfort, peace and blessings to many.

Seek to be God’s instruments, beloved souls. Seek to know God, truly know God within your soul, that that knowing may rise up into your mindful consciousness, that place so revered  and thought of as the pinnacle of human consciousness. Yet, it is not. It is not the highest form of consciousness  within the soul and that is the enduring consciousness that humanity may carry, not only in this life, but in all existence, all eternity. When the soul is awakened in love, so they carry the consciousness that expands and is infilled with Love by God that will last and journey forever. You just begin your journeys, beloved souls. You just begin to understand an inkling of awareness, eyes opening just slightly. Indeed, in time you will know. You will see. You will feel. You will experience the glory of God, the glory of God’s creation and the glory that you are within God’s creation. 

These things will come to you and you will weep in hosannas and exultations to God. Saying thank you, beloved Creator, for creating me and creating the potentials that are within me and for bringing those potentials alive and vital expressed through me. These things will come, my beloved, beloved friends. You will fly off into the light, brighter and brighter. More glorious and more wonderful will be your flight to God. As your souls revel in the awareness, the experience of God’s Love for you and the light that pours upon you. The glories that await you, my beloveds, await you in all their splendour, intricacy and beauty. God’s Love brings all of these things. All that is meant to be shall come to pass for the soul who dedicates themselves to seeking the truth, knowing the truth and living the truth that is the power of love. 

God bless you, beloveds. My love for you is great. Indeed, I shall join you in your efforts. I shall be with you at every turn. I shall laugh with you and think and contemplate about the Truth of God, the glories of God and the potentials of man. God bless you. Confucius loves you, I love you so. What joy it brings to me to see you make these efforts to serve God and humanity in all the beauty and glory that is possible and will come manifest in many ways and means. God bless you, beloveds. Confucius loves you. God bless you. 