---
title: "Recalibrate With Great Energies Coming With Earth Changes"
menu_title: ""
description: "Recalibrate With Great Energies Coming With Earth Changes"
date: 2025-04-02 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Recalibrate With Great Energies Coming With Earth Changes

November 26<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Bless you, my friends. I am Orion. If you feel unsteady on your feet regarding the changes that are happening in the world, this is a somewhat normal reaction, for change is happening rapidly. Blessings, energies and conditions are in flux. Therefore, to feel that things have settled down, so to speak, is inaccurate. It is understandable that you feel, day by day, that your condition changes, your attitudes change and your perceptions change, for this is a response to earthly changes and the changes that are happening within humanity.

The ultimate goal is a great shift of consciousness within humanity so that each and every individual soul upon this world may view their lives and what they experience in the material world from a different perspective, from a place that is more readily in line with truth than the great and gross error that is so persistent in this day and age. I know you seek truth, and you seek to live by it. Yet, truth is coming at such a rapid pace. Understanding is unfolding like a flower in the hot sun. Petal by petal comes to your consciousness. It is difficult to integrate these things, but integration will happen. You will find yourself comfortable with your new, blooming self, those petals within open and vulnerable in a way, yet strong and beautiful in their own right.


Allow change to happen, beloved souls. Even that which is difficult and a struggle, accept this and work with it. Try to integrate. Try to allow the wisdom of your soul to help adjust and integrate that which is different, that which you have trouble understanding or accepting. This is now the way of the world. The world is in constant flux and for you to be able to move gracefully and harmoniously within that flux is important at this time. Thus, dedicated times of prayer are crucial, times of examining your own fear, judgment and distorted perceptions. These things are important. Ask for help to see clearly, to understand with love and to embrace change with calm and wisdom, so that you may not be swept up in the currents that carry so many away from God.

You must be in that current that brings you closer to God. You must be in that beautiful harmony and light that is a reflection of God's blessings and ministrations upon you. In this way, you will be in harmony with us and your angel friends, all that is of light. There will be harmony. Yes, adjustments and, at times, some discomfort. But ultimately there will be harmony. My beloved friends, seek for the highest. Seek the great gift of God's Love. Seek to allow yourself to be free from those conditions, those human conditions that restrict, bind and cause pain. This is not meant for you, nor is it meant for anyone. It is the outcome of choice, the outcome of action, thought and feeling.

It is for you to choose wisely, to feel in a loving tone and perception that is clear and of the soul, to be free of the inhibitions of the mind that continue to urge you to travel down dark roads. Rather, be free in light. Have great faith in the process of which you are a part, in the journey that you travel and in the efforts that God and all that is of light are making in order to bring harmony to your world, to yourselves and to your families. These things continue to radiate toward you, beloved souls. You must continue to absorb those radiations, blessings of light, so that indeed you will unfold to be that beautiful flower that you are, that soul, gracious and filled with many gifts.

May the blessings continue to flow, beloved friends. I am Orion and I love you. Each of you, walk tall, head high, sure that all is coming to fruition that will be of harmony and light. Though changes are happening, much of which is in harmony with God's plan and desire to bring harmony to the world. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you.
