---
title: "Reinforce the Light and Love Within You"
menu_title: ""
description: "Reinforce the Light and Love Within You"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Reinforce the Light and Love Within You

February 6<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. How we wish for your world to be in harmony. Every world in God’s universe is destined to be in harmony. But not every world chooses such a course. It is not that yours is the exception, my friends, but most choose harmony over disharmony. Each and every soul upon your planet has within it the wisdom to do so. Yet, because of the course and direction that your world has taken, honouring the intellect and the mind and self-sufficiency as it does, the wisdom of the soul is ignored or it is greatly distorted by the mind.

That balance between material mind and the mind of the soul is not brought together and realised because of free will choices. If you seek to reconcile this lacking, to bring harmony to this condition and this situation that humanity faces you become, in a way, the canaries in the coal mine, as you call it. You are the ones who are demonstrating and indicating the conditions that are on this Earth, both positive and contrary. When you are feeling well and in harmony, then you indicate that the light that God is sending upon this world is having its effects and you are benefitting from it. But when you are out of harmony, then you are an indicator that the darkness is predominant.

You see, because of your sensitivities, because of the development that you have undergone through the many hours, days and weeks of development and transformation that has taken place within you, then you are sensitive to these conditions and often unwittingly so. Thus, you cannot readily sustain the condition of light as you would like to and as we would like you to do. Rather you become that bellwether of conditions and you must realise within yourself that you are susceptible. There are times when you are strong and you are willing to accept the protection put around you. There are times when you engage heavily in mindful pursuits and this tends to erode the light around you. Thus, you become part of the human condition, not necessarily darkness but the greyness of it, the partial disharmony that comes with typical mindful pursuit and the human condition that is present at this time.

Thus, you are a part of something that is not altogether of light. This is not everyday. This is not even often. But it comes and goes. You must realise, have discernment to recognise these changes of emotional, psychic and mental weather that you experience within yourself. As you get stronger in light, these things get less intense and you are less susceptible. As you are willful and make those decisions to engage readily and intensely in mindful pursuits, then the susceptibility to these darker storms of the human condition are experienced and you feel emotionally and mentally in tune with it and often you recognise that you are somewhat out of sorts because of it. Yet, prayer is always the antidote to these things, beloved souls, prayer, being close to God and not accepting and acquiescing to these darker conditions. Discipline is important. Having a sense of self that is positive and reinforcing the light and the love within you.

I know you struggle, my friends. We see this day in and day out. I also know that you win these battles more often than you do not, and this is encouraging. Yet, as the time grows short, there is less time to dilly-dally about and allow the negativities to seep in. Assess your day, your life, your attitudes, what it is that you bring into your life and into your minds, into your souls. What are those things? How do they affect you? How can you emphasise the loving positive light and de-emphasise the darkness and the human condition? This is your choice. Each day is a test. Each day expresses the light that you carry and the blessings that God brings. If that expression is mild or weak or subtle, it means that it is being over-cloaked by other things that are not of light, love and truth. At times the body also brings about a condition that is weak and susceptible, but you have a strong soul. This should not affect you in the ways that it does. You can overcome this with greater prayer and attuning to your soul.

Yes, life is a struggle, my friends, great and deep, often harsh. Yet, is your life and it is the conditions that you choose to engage within, to accept, to absorb, to embrace. So, it is your responsibility to be in the light, my beloved friends. No one else can do this for you. We can, indeed, uphold you and uplift you. We do not do this every moment of everyday because this would only weakens you in the long run. We add what we can. We do what we can but we do it with wisdom, with discernment and we do it with love. We do not judge you but we perceive the weaknesses, the shortcomings, those hidden secrets within you that in many ways have more power than your overt efforts to be in light.

Be honest with yourselves, beloved friends. Be true to your soulful self. Be true to God and those things within you that catch you up in darkness, will dissipate. This I promise you, beloved friends. It is for you to choose to be, to experience, no matter what is happening outside of yourself. How you respond, how you react, how you feel, what you embrace, these things are your choice. Indeed, with each soul in attunement with God, the choice will always be of light. The soul does not always have its say. If you wish to be fully attuned to your soul, then I say, the conditions that you carry will indicate how well you are in attunement with your soul, how that choice has been made, how intensely, how deeply, how thoroughly is your commitment.

Beloved friends, each day has its challenges. Each day brings its rewards. Each day is a new day. Seek for the light. Seek for all that is good and of truth, and you will know days of joy, fulfilment and light. May you choose this always. May you be with God always and, in this way, you will ensure that we will be close. Your angel friends will be close. The bright spirits will be close. Most of all, God will be close. You will know the fulfilment of your desire to be in harmony, joy, light and love. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I love you all. I empathise with your struggles. I love you even more because you have chosen to rise above and to be in light. May you be blessed with these desires fulfilled. God bless you, friends. God bless you.
