---
title: "The Consciousness of God"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Consciousness of God"
date: 2025-04-02 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Consciousness of God

December 10<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

May you continue to grow in your soul's consciousness, beloved and beautiful instruments, servants of God. I am Orion and I want to encourage you in your efforts to grow and be aware of all the multidimensional layers of God's universe, for this is the way in which humanity will grow and develop in the future. This is the way you are growing and developing at this time.

This growth and development is happening because you are feeding the deepest and most profound consciousness that you possess. That is your soul. By feeding the soul, you are tapping into and connecting with the Consciousness of God. In this way, you create a highway of communication, a way to be with God, for God to be with you in a conscious way. All that comes of this is tremendous in scope, is deep and profound in the ways in which you become a part of and conscious of the reality of God. As you become more attuned and awakened to this reality, the various dimensions, aspects and layers of God Consciousness come into your being and your consciousness.

This is happening at this very moment. You are indeed being fine-tuned, becoming more  synchronised with this consciousness, this being, this Lattice of Light, as you are fond of calling it. Though you are often not aware of this in your material, mindful consciousness, you are becoming aware of these things in that deeper part, in that more subtle consciousness of the soul. Thereby, you are becoming a part of and fully engaged with this form of reality and being that is far more harmonious with who and what you had been intended to be, what God created you to be.

The soul knows. The soul, through its faculties, is aware. The soul will continue to find its way within that great complex and many-faceted consciousness that is the soul. As the soul is developed and blessed in Love and all that entails, so the many facets of consciousness come alive within you and you are aware. You will come to know these beautiful aspects of your being and the beautiful creation that is God and God's Being.

May you find your way through this myriad of complex and yet profoundly simple aspects of God. It does not require great study and analysis. It requires faith and a willingness to venture forth into the Consciousness of your Creator, coming to know God and all the subtleties and facets that is God. As you continue to find within yourself many facets, complexities and aspects, what you find there is but a drop in the ocean compared to God.

So, the journey of coming into at-onement with God is a very long and infinite journey where more and more is added to your consciousness, more and more experiences come, more and more Love grows. There is joy, my friends, such joy in being within that reality of God and knowing all its intricacies and facets coming into your consciousness, your awareness. So much God wishes to show you. God has given you the faculties to understand and to come to know these things. But, you are just fledglings upon the path and so the measure of your awareness, the depth of your awareness is quite superficial compared to what can be.

We guide you. Your angel friends guide you. Many more guide you along the path. As you open your awareness, as you grow in Love, so these things become apparent. You are filled with the wonderment of soul consciousness and awareness, the wonderment of coming closer to the great Oversoul and all that this is, all that is the Oversoul. When humanity is ready, when that choice is made, all that is required, all that will open the doors to this consciousness will be made readily available to every soul upon this world. Of course, they must make the choice. They must yearn for this, grow within it and seek out the great Elixir of God's Soul in order to fuel the capacities and abilities of the soul to understand truth, understand God's creation, understand God and all the beauty and wonderment that God is.

There is so much to know, beloved souls. You stand on the precipice and for many of you, it will feel like falling off that precipice into a world of consciousness so very unlike what you are used to. But with the faith, desire, strength and bravery to make that leap, you will find within that experience a multiplicity of experiences, feelings, visions and awarenesses that will fill your mind, your consciousness with awe, with great reverence and joy.

You have been told this many times and I reiterate the truth that you are consciousness. You are a soul and you will experience your soul in these ways and means that are quite removed from the material world and yet a part of it. For this consciousness and what you are as a soul is a part of God’s universe. So, these aspects of your being, of your consciousness, of your experience will be felt and known as you continue to grow and become that soul, resplendent in Love, many facets shining clear and able to be receptive to all that God has to give to your soul.

May you be blessed, my beloved friends, in the way of Love, in the way of soul awareness, in the way that you are meant to be. God bless you. I am Orion and I love you, my beautiful friends on Earth. I love you and I am with you often. Blessings to you. Blessings to all.
