---
title: "Seek Truly the Father’s Will"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seek Truly the Father’s Will"
date: 2025-03-23 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Seek Truly the Father’s Will

July 18<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Liverpool, NY, USA

Mary received by Elizabeth Mack

I am here. I am Mary and I come with my son, Jesus. We come to bring you blessings, blessings of love, blessings of healings, blessings of upliftment above the condition in which you live.

You seek more clarity in your visions, in your future. Seek, instead, the love of God, moment to moment. That is your future that brings you the presence of the Father’s love which comes with many attributes including guidance and seek from your soul the wisdom of following this guidance. You are never coerced when given guidance. It comes to you as a result of your willingness to follow God’s will. And, sometimes it comes solely based upon your own will. So seek truly the Father’s will for each one of you. That brings the greatest happiness, the greatest benefit, the greatest harmony in your lives and with those with whom you interact.

It is not a challenging thing to follow God’s will. The only challenge there is comes from your minds and only a part that is of this human condition. So pray. Come into rapport with our Heavenly Father and when you do, you will notice the difference between that moment and the moments you spend in the human condition. Trust this moment of communion with God. It will clarify any questions your human condition may have about your guidance.

I speak to you with much love and compassion for the situations in which you find yourselves upon this Earth. But you have the answer, the antidote to this condition. You have prayer. You have communion with the Creator of everything. I trust you will find this guidance helpful. I am your sister, Mary and I will be praying with you for I love you all dearly.
