---
title: "Pray For Humanity’s Healings"
menu_title: ""
description: "Pray For Humanity’s Healings"
date: 2025-03-22 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Pray For Humanity’s Healings

March 28<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Liverpool, NY, USA

Luke received by Elizabeth Mack

I am here, Luke. I come because you call for healings for so many because so many are struggling with the conditions of humanity that are becoming more and more apparent to them. And yet they don’t know how to remove these conditions. This will be your work, to help them, to pray for them to be free of the human condition, to teach them even in their sleep, even in their waking hours. At every moment, pray for them to release these conditions which are burdensome to them and to everyone else.

Show them how you release them. Show them who they can turn to, to receive the help that they need to be healed of these conditions. It is vitally important at this time to pray for the human race to release their burdens. Together and individually, you can help them and we will be right there with you, assisting, praying to our Heavenly Father whose will it is that they no longer carry these burdens, that they no longer suffer the consequences of millennia of mistakes. So pray, deeply, consistently that they too be raised above the human condition and that their burdens be released into God’s hands with God’s blessings. I am your brother, Luke and I will join you now in these prayers for healings for humanity.
