---
title: "The Pendulum"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Pendulum"
date: 2025-04-02 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Pendulum

December 17<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

…be yours, increasing with every prayer, every time you connect with the great Creator of all. What inhibits this the most, this desire to be in light, harmony, love and peace, are the earthly conditions, thoughts that swirl around this planet like weather, heavy conditions filled with emotional signatures and desires that are reinforced by many different avenues of your earthly plane. Though you desire within your soul to be uplifted and in light, often your minds contradict this with desires for other things, other thoughts and other conditions that are more in harmony with human conditions, man-made expressions that are strictly contrary to the Laws of Love.

Of course, you are all human. You desire to be within that condition because of your humanness, the wantings of the flesh, the wantings of the mind and the expressions of the emotions, all of these things that make up your being, your true self. Not the true self that continues to seek to progress and grow in Love and light, but the self that is an expression of mindful concerns and desires. So, the conflict continues between these two, the mind and the soul.

Yet, you have around you great support and beautiful, loving conditions that are there to uplift you and protect you. It is a matter of will that determines which way that pendulum swings. Is it toward the darkness or the light, toward harmony or toward that which is not harmony, toward love or that which is not of love? This pendulum swings constantly within all of you. For some, the pendulum swings somewhat off-centre toward darkness. For others, it swings madly toward darkness and light. But, indeed, the pendulum does swing toward light. It does respond to your will, your desires and your prayers.

So, you allow yourself to be a victim of this way of being in the world, this fluctuation of thought, energy and action that reflects the swinging pendulum. Our desire is that, in time, the pendulum and its swing will be irrelevant. Rather, you will come into light and stay there, that you will desire light and be there, that you will consciously discipline and exert your will toward light in such a way that this pendulum becomes inactive and irrelevant. But, for most upon your earth, the pendulum continues to swing. Indeed, that swing is more likely into darkness or shades of grey than it is toward light and the purity of light.

You have come to the conclusion that you want light, that you seek out light and that you be in harmony with the laws that govern light. So, you exert yourself. You try. You make great efforts to be within that light realm, to be free from the darkness, to choose light, to live light and to be a loving channel in the world. Many times, you succeed and there are times when you do not. I do not say these things to criticise and to make you feel unworthy or flawed. Instead, within you, there is great potential and great light. But, it is the challenge of bringing this forward in the world, challenging the darkness that desires to invite you toward that which is, at the very least, mediocre and often quite dark.

It is a challenge that you must face now, my beloved friends. For without a conscious choice and effort, you become subject to the will and swings of this condition that approaches you in darkness. In this, you must make great effort to swing toward light. For God does not ensure that you are in light just by His fiat, that you must be in light. No, this is not the way the world works. You must choose light. You must work toward light. You must step toward light and it must be a daily, moment-by-moment decision.

You have the resources within you to make that choice. You are strong in light. You know of light. You have been taught extensively of what light is, what harmony is and what the laws of life that are in light and harmony are. But, often, you become lackadaisical or you are reactive to conditions or people around you who seek to draw you into darkness, into that place of disharmony. When you use the discernment of your soul and see what is happening to you and around you, then you are empowered to make that choice toward light.

It is important that each moment brings its awareness, its peace and its harmony. In order to build this within you and around you, it is required that you spend time in prayer and spend time in contemplation and thought toward that which is harmonious, that which is in alignment with love. It is a great challenge on your earthly plane. There are great forces aligned against you. Yet, there are great forces that are aligned toward light all around you. It is not that you must struggle alone, for you have at your beck and call the power of angels, the power of beautiful spirits and your friends from other planets who are all of light and who are seeking to bring light to this world of yours. In doing so, they seek to bring light to you, great light, that you might be a channel of light, a beautiful light glowing in the darkness.

Be that beautiful, beautiful light, beloved souls. Be true to your soul, be true to God's Soul and all that this relationship between the two of you brings into your life. It is both easy and difficult, for with the ease of desire and choice toward that which is light, there comes great blessings. When you slough off that desire and choose something that is not entirely of light, when you choose to judge, when you choose to lash out in anger, when you choose frustration, when you choose self-deprecation, all of these things, then it is easy to be in darkness, for it is darkness that enshrouds these conditions.

Be aware, beloved souls. Be aware of all that you think, all that you express and all that is within you. Ask God to help you slough off these conditions, to break the chains that hold you, to bless the encrustations around your soul with light and Love so that they may fall away piece by piece, that they are broken and never to return. There is so much for you to do for yourself and there is so much you might do for others. If you are in light, you are empowered to do so. If you are in darkness, you join the crowds, so many who are in darkness.

Be the light, beloved souls. Be the light always. I am your friend, Orion and I love you all, my beautiful, beautiful friends who struggle so. Yet, you are triumphant often. God bless you, my friends. God bless you.
