---
title: "Implores Us to Share the Truth of God’s Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Implores Us to Share the Truth of God’s Love"
date: 2025-04-08 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Implores Us to Share the Truth of God’s Love

June 22<sup>nd</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Peter received by Al Fike

Beloved children, I am Peter the Apostle and friend of whom you call Jesus, Master of the Celestial Kingdom. For I carried on his work after his unfortunate demise as did many of us. Though it was a great struggle to bring this truth to humanity, a truth that even we, who were with the Master struggled to understand. The true understanding did not come until the Pentecost experience. Then, our souls were touched deeply and transformed to a degree by the great inflowing of the Essence of God.

You have your struggles, my beloved and beautiful friends. You continue to seek out ways and means of sharing this truth with others. LIke us, you are flawed, not like the Master who continued to bring the truth through the clear and beautiful channel that he was. Yet, with these struggles, with each day that you live on the earthly plane, you are growing. You are awakening ever so slowly and subtly to the truth of your own soul, the truth of your relationship between your soul and God’s Soul, and this is how it must be accomplished. You cannot circumvent the laws, and so you continue to make those efforts in prayer, thought and contemplation. This is the way and means by which you will come to understand to truly live this truth.

Unfortunately there is one vital component missing and that is your expressions and efforts in the world to bring this truth forward. Some of you do so, bravely, and with the desire to help teach and uphold your brothers and sisters. Yet, you are often caught within the realms of that which is comfortable, with individuals who are receptive and knowledgeable of these truths already. You do not go beyond this envelope often. Not because you avoid this condition and this opportunity to speak, but because you have trouble drawing in those who would be receptive to your message, despite the great efforts of the Celestial Angels, of God’s Touch, of the bright spirits, even your stellar friends to influence and bring together those who are in need of education and inspiration.

I do not blame you, my beloved friends, for this somewhat restricted effort that you make. It is a reflection of the condition of the world. If the world was more receptive you would have many who would be drawn to you and open to you, to what you have to say. I wish to encourage you to continue in your efforts, to continue to be brave, steadfast and seeking out the opportunities that God lays before you each day so that you may be His instruments, His channels of love, truth, light. We ventured forth, the apostles of the Master. We went in many different directions. We were dispersed by the domination of the Romans at the time, their desire to eradicate our efforts and to do so with bloodshed.

We had to flee and we had to travel. We were hunted men. We continued to bring the Truth that our beloved Master taught to whomever would listen. He was our example. He would not be thwarted by those who would reject his message. He continued to speak clearly and to give love without hesitation, to give truth whether it was contrary or not, to the belief of the Jewish faith or not. Thus, he paid the ultimate price for his bravery and sacrifices to bring the truth of God’s Love to humanity. Yet today, he is still known. He is revered in ways that are somewhat unfortunate, but he is still known.

You, my beloved friends, are entering into an arena that is about to change dramatically. God’s intention is to seal the fate of humanity, not through eradication but through love, through bringing and demonstrating the blessings of God to humanity in ways that have not been seen for a very long time. You will be His instruments, as will others and beautiful manifestations of healings, blessings, of our materialisation on this plane through you and through others. It will be a time of great turmoil and yet, wondrous blessings. In order for humanity to wake up to God’s call, to come and be in the light, in the truth of love, in the truth of their own being, understanding their true selves, these dramatic events will help usher in the consciousness of the soul.

Thus, we have been working with you and training you and assisting you to come to understand this for yourself, understand your own soul, come to understand the power of God’s blessings, presence in your lives. You will continue on this journey of awakening your own self. How can you awaken others if you are not awakened within? You will not necessarily experience what we experienced, this dramatic blessing of what you call the Pentecost. Indeed, you have been upheld, blessed and taught, given much over the years.

Soon will come a time of great action. You must be willing to put aside your daily and life commitments that are of a material nature and travel the Earth with this message. Some of you will not do this, either because you are fearful or you feel that your earthly commitments are too great. Some of you will embrace this eagerly and you will be guided accordingly. Some of you will walk the middle road as you have often done in your life, neither fish nor fowl, neither this nor that, but somewhere that is a compromise between what God intends as His instrument and what you intend as a way of living your life.

This is an altogether common response to God’s invitation, but God spreads His invitation far and wide planting many seeds in many different souls. Some respond in deep commitment and joy. Others do not. It is the way of the world. Yet, I say to you, even if you are not able to step forward in such a deep commitment, in a way that forsakes the pleasures and allurements of your world, you are still blessed with a soul that continues to seek the great gift of the Father’s Love. Unfortunately, when your time comes to enter into the spirit world, you will see all too clearly, the opportunities that have been missed and you will have regrets in this awakening.

It will not put you in a place of darkness for all of you have done good work, have sought light and continue to be God’s channels of love. Yet, what is important at this time and in the time that is coming, so imminent, is to make that choice of commitment, deep and abiding commitment. Not the kind that comes with the mind filled with ambition and ideas as to what that would mean. Rather, a commitment that comes with faith and a desire to listen to the Will of God and abide by this Will without hesitation. Yes, there will be sacrifices. There will be challenges. There will be rejection. Yet, in its stead, there will be great joy, fulfilment, your souls in that blissful state of awakening, an expression fully alive and in alignment with God. Is this not what you have prayed for, my beloved friends? Is this not what God wishes of you?

All things come at a price. It comes at a price that is often misunderstood and, until experienced, will not be truly seen for what it is. The world as it is, will reject you for you are challenging and confronting this world with your own light and being, not through arguments and corrective speeches to others. That is the way of the world as well, but through merely being a light and bringing God’s Touch through you to others, that is the way of God.

Jesus rarely confronted those who were in error. He merely walked as an example of what truth is, and you must follow the way of Jesus, for Jesus follows the way of God. Be humble in your efforts and expressions but true to the Will of God and the ways of God. You will find yourselves in very interesting places, my beloved friends. You will find yourselves in situations that you would not have dreamed of. You will not be in jeopardy for God will protect you. There will be situations  and conditions that you are not familiar with, individuals who may seem strange to you. The world is full of such great variation and variety of culture and expression. This you must take in your stride and still be in attunement and alignment with your Creator. For God will guide you through any and all situations. God will bring to you the blessings that you require and even the material means that you require.

Once you walk in faith, you cannot turn back, but allow the unfolding of each day, ever more powerful within the Will of God, the timing of God and God’s plan of the salvation of humanity. This is not something you might do part time, as you would say. It is a full-time commitment. As you continue to grow in the Father’s Love, as you continue to seek out the Will of God, then you will see the way, the road ahead and you must follow it, not with hesitation, but with joy and abandonment of all reticence.

My beloved friends, these are serious times indeed. There is much pain and hardship in this world. There is much pain and hardship that the planet itself is suffering from. There is so much work that needs to be done and so few willing. This has always been the case. Yet, as you continue to strive ahead, you will draw to you many others who will be in partnership with you to bring help to usher in a new era of truth, light and peace. This comes on the heels of God’s blessing upon this world and it shall manifest in ways that are extraordinary and wondrous.

God bless you, I am Peter the apostle. I am happy to speak to you today. My love is with you. I’ve come a long way to speak to you and I know your progress. I know what you are dealing with in this world. Yet, I see a group of brave and bright souls, willing and eager, seeking to serve, seeking to be truly God’s instruments. Those who are willing shall be carried and blessed, and will find their way upon the path of service and joy, God’s Love bringing full within, making each beautiful soul truly what they are meant to be, truly gifted with many gifts, the fruition of which will be much service and blessings to their brothers and sisters. God bless you, beloved friends. My love is with you always.
