---
title: "Pitfalls of Mediumship"
menu_title: ""
description: "Pitfalls of Mediumship"
date: 2025-03-23 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Pitfalls of Mediumship

July 1<sup>st</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Al Fike reflects:

You have come here and gotten a sense of mediumship. Some of you have not felt much or had significant experiences around what you imagine is mediumship, what you see as an example of mediumship that you see in me and in others and Padgett, etc. You have gotten a glimpse but you’re not there yet. Some of you have gotten there. Some of you are well-versed in mediumship. Some are not. There are some misconceptions about it. The idea that you’re going to stand forward and be a channel for Celestial Angels to bring forth new information, messages from the Celestial Heavens, undistorted, clear, beautiful, filled with scintillating information and many blessings. Maybe that is your goal and that is a pretty noble goal but the road along the way to get there from A to B, A being not sensing or understanding any idea being in alignment with mediumship in that way. and B, the end goal of being in great alignment with mediumship and of course, it is a process.

We have started the process here. If you are sourdough bread, then we have put in the mix so you can start leavening in that direction. You will get the sour dough flavour eventually. We will put you in the oven and say *“ok, you are done.”*  So, the leavening is there. The opportunity is there. The angels have come and worked on all of you. None of you are excluded from that. You have had a lot of messages around the process and how it is very much your will and your efforts that will bring about whatever mediumship you have into realisation and how long that will take.

Some of you are young. You have families. You have careers, doing all that material stuff. Personally, I would not expect you to jump into mediumship and make it your life because your life is elsewhere, but you have opened the door. You have begun the process and that process, I am assuming it would take longer because of your life situation. You have many things to focus on, not one thing.

For myself, my mediumship really began when I was retired and I could dedicate more time to prayer, dedicate more time to service, dedicate more time to contemplating what this mediumship is and how it’s expressed. It has been 10 years of retirement, maybe 11. Many people come to me, and I have produced many messages for people, etc., for groups and for online circles. You keep the flow going because you are doing it all the time. I am doing it all the time because I have the time to do it. When I retired, I said to God, *“Ok, I have done everything I wanted to do in life. I have had my career and family. I have lived my life and travelled the world. It was great. I loved it. Ok, the rest is for you God. The rest is for you, whatever you want me to do. That is what I will do. So guide me.”* Indeed, God did and still does. It often depends upon circumstance. I am not saying that the example of my life is the template and if you don’t follow my example then you are not going to get there. That is not the way it is. You are all unique. You have been told that. The way you come about mediumship is a journey, a unique journey, unique to you.

 When we’re talking about pitfalls, I think the greatest pitfall is to have in our minds what mediumship means or what it is in your mind’s eye. *“What am I going to do? What am I, if I have made it as a medium, if you want to put it into those kinds of coarse terms, then what does that look like?”* I am telling you that whatever you think it looks like, is not the way it is going to be. So put all that aside. Maybe somebody wants to channel God. Well, my own opinion on that is still out. I don’t know if you can channel God. I never have. Even if you are channeling God, you are actually channeling a semblance of God speaking to you through your mind. So, you are not really channeling God. You are channeling you in relationship with God and whatever comes through in your consciousness. That is not God in purity. That is God in your mind. God certainly is in everything that is Divine Love, and is a reflection of God speaking to us, but He is speaking through an intermediary and we are one of them.

The tried and true for me has been to allow the Celestial Angels to speak, whatever information they want to give. They are in a much higher level of connection with the Creator than we are. They know what God wants to say to us. They are very aware of that. I think even they have to decide how they are going to bring it through and what they are going to bring through and what their limitations are through their mediums on Earth. They even have to decide how they are connecting from their soul to your soul. All of these impediments or restrictions cause the message to be distorted, and you may have, and I have had instances, where you find that you are in alignment with God and whatever is coming through is kind of a download of information and more often, understanding of certain conditions or trajectories or truths that you are desiring to get.

Where does that download come from? Is it through a spirit or is it from God? I believe it is through a spirit. The soul of the angel is connecting with your soul. That means that your soul is in alignment with that angel whose soul is in alignment with God. So that there is more of a direct flow of truth and blessings. How you interpret that, how you see it, how you feel it, is going to be up to you and the experience you are having. You might feel that God has talked to you and who’s to say that God has not? Or at least a portion of God, a semblance of God has gotten through.

God is an infinite being who is beyond anything that we can imagine. The angels have more of an understanding of God but even they do not have the complete picture. If you have ever really had an angel close to you and you compare yourself to them, you will see the great distance in the level of love between you, and God is even greater in love capacity. The idea that God is speaking through us is partially correct. But if you have any ambitions about getting messages from God, I think it is highly unlikely. Setting our sights a little lower would be more practicable. We also talk about aiming for the highest and if, in your mind, the highest is going directly to God, then maybe so.

Having lower spirits communicate with you is more attainable. You will be somewhat gratified by light spirits, not dark spirits, coming to you and speaking to you. You will get this kind of distorted truth that’s not as pure as what the angels bring to you, but it’s a semblance of truth. It’s probably a truth that you can relate to more because they are closer to you in your own development. You can open up to that and there will be opportunities and experiences that will indicate that there is a spirit speaking to you that is not a Celestial Angel. Some of the mediums I know are quite comfortable with that. Certainly, Padgett was. He got all kinds of messages from lower spirits and very low spirits, at times. He liked it. He enjoyed it because he could relate more to those messages than these loftier messages on the soul and God.

You have probably noticed over the years that some of the messages are somewhat repetitive. There are people who are eager for new information and even when there is a touch of new information, they are very excited. Yet why are the angels repeating the same message over and over again? It is because we don’t really get it. We are not really there developmentally. They are putting the carrot before the donkey. This is our goal. We want you in your soul. We want you to honour your soul and be in alignment with your soul every day and in your prayers to be in your soul, deeply in your soul connecting with God. That is more of a challenge.

Mediumship is more of an off shoot of this whole process of soul awakening and soul transformation. I use the example of a tree with many branches. All these branches off the trunk (the soul) are gifts and abilities. When you start the journey, these branches are just little nubs on the side. They are waiting to grow and, depending on where you put your focus, that branch will probably flourish and produce fruit which is an analogy that our angel friends use and God can use that developed gift, not only for your benefit but for the benefit of the world. But what branch flourishes? What starts to come out? Here in the material world, God has created trees to grow symmetrically. Everything in the physical universe has harmony in it, in terms of the way it grows and becomes. With the soul, it is a different process. Different parts of us flourish and then you go off into another part or you have expiation and lose the focus. Then you come back. It’s very fluid and asymmetrical in a lot of ways.

Mediumship is just one branch of who you are and what can be of you, and that branch can look different from the other people’s branches. It may be used differently from other people. You can’t compare them. I feel that if you want to be a Divine Love medium, then be a Divine Love medium. Don’t be a part-time Divine Love medium that also gets messages from lower spirits or even from 5th sphere or 7th sphere spirits. I only do that when I get the go-ahead from my gatekeeper.

When you are ready, you are developed, you open up, you will be assigned a gatekeeper, somebody who is in charge of your mediumship activities. They are there to protect you. They are there to guide you and help you in this job of being a medium and they take that job very seriously on their end. They often, I believe, are engaged in trying to clear out the conditions that you have created for yourself or the conditions that you move in and take on. Because the more mediumistic you are, the easier it is to take on those conditions. That is a big job for them. The smaller job for them is allowing or disallowing spirits access to mediums. You also have other angels close to you that will guide you and protect you and very much involved in your soul development. They want to inspire you in prayer and in your thinking. They want to inspire you in your attitudes toward life and attitudes toward others and to be loving. We get a lot of help in that regard. It would be easy to meld in with the dark influences of the Earth and for them to influence us, predominantly rather than this loving, light-filled influence that we are always happy to receive but sometimes unconsciously thwart with our attitudes or whatever we are doing at the time.

You have begun the process, and I am not saying that you have completed it. I am saying that spirit has built some of the infrastructure. They have given you the opportunity to be open to that developing process, the building of what mediumship is going to look like for you in the future. In some cases, I think that spirit is very anxious for you to continue with the development because you will be replacing the older mediums as they get ready for their transitions into spirit life. They want to utilise the time that you have on Earth to be able to do the work.

What is the work? I see the work as being a part of Circles of Light wherever you are living, developing Circles of Light. What draws people more than anything is when an angel can speak to them. We all have a desire to receive Divine Love but what is more gratifying to the mind, and it is a mindful wish, to have a message from spirit who speaks about where they come from and who they are and spiritual laws. This is not a bad thing, but it is more in alignment with our material sense of life. The deeply spiritual sense of life comes from the soul, and you do not need a message to go there. We did a guided meditation, and you could feel more soulful with that. I am not suggesting eliminating that prospect, but generally your job as being a medium is to connect with your angel friends and with God. You do that through the soul. So, you must develop and nurture and acknowledge and become in greater alignment with your soul.
The nub of that tree, the mediumship nub has now grown a little bit and there is some energy put there. The sap is running toward that direction. How long will it take? I do not know. It is up to you. What the angels have planned for you? I do not know. It is up to them. You will, through your own actions and your daily life, determine the rapidity of your development and will determine the direction of your development. It may not be mediumship at all. It may be another branch. It is all part of the tree. The angels and God do not judge what you choose to accentuate or how you choose to live your life. But God seeds us all with many potentials, many possibilities and therefore, there is a potential for mediumship. You would not be here otherwise. You were all chosen. The angels see that potential and say, “It’s time to get this process going.” We are all going to be needed in the future. The work is expanding. It seems very slow, but it is proceeding forward. It’s not going backward.

Each of us is a link in that chain of truth. I would not be here if it was not for our forerunners in the Vancouver area. They would not be there if it were not for the efforts of Padgett, Samuels and Dr. Stone and others bringing forward the Padgett messages. I am hoping that all of you have read the Padgett messages seriously. These are the seminal truths. These are the truths that you need to know and read. The language is that which was used over 100 years ago and is a bit daunting for current- day readers but it is not that bad. I started with Padgett, and I read Padgett not once but five times. It helped me contemplate. If you have only read it once, go back to it because you will read it differently a second time. You will read it differently a third time and a fourth time as your soul develops. There are always nuggets of truth in there and the spiritual laws are contained in Padgett. There are gems in that book that are phenomenal, gems of truth. I highly recommend reading True Gospel Revealed Anew, channeled by James Padgett. I always think that the messages that come through me are adjunct to Padgett. There are a few new things in there and now we have the stellar friends. We are moving along in the process of soul development.

You do not build a house from the roof down. You build it from the foundation up and Padgett is the foundation. So, I highly recommend it. It is a must read. The Judas book is also a good read and builds on Padgett. In reading Padgett, when reading the prayer contained within, take it in deeply because there is so much truth in just that prayer and that is what we want to integrate into our souls and lives. That is living the truth.
