---
title: "I Speak Only the Truth to You In Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "I Speak Only the Truth to You In Love"
date: 2025-04-15 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# I Speak Only the Truth to You In Love

June 15<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. You think of yourselves as separate, as individuated souls in the world and this is a fact. Yet, on some levels, you are not separate. In fact you are subject to many fluctuations and flows of energies, thoughts and conditions that are a part of the human condition, a part of your brothers and sisters. You cannot totally isolate yourself from these things. You often try and, try as you might, you are still subject to many of these influences and conditions. Fortunately for yourself, you have the ministrations of your angel friends and many of us to help you extricate yourself from these conditions when they are not in harmony with light and love. You go to God in prayer seeking the benediction of God’s great Soul upon your soul. In receiving this blessing, God disperses the darkness around you and within you. The very power of His Essence is to cleanse and purify as well as to make you whole and alive within your soul.

There are many elements within your life that work together, that help you to cope with these conditions that swirl about on your earthly plane. How blessed you are, my friends, to have this support and help, to have these blessings, to be protected as you are. As you well know, your involvement in all of this is to discipline your thoughts. For as you know, thoughts attract. It is important for you to recalibrate everyday, the light that you carry, to reinforce it, to consider it, to honour it. In this way, the Law of Attraction works to your benefit. You are not so subject to the dark conditions. You are not a victim of them. Rather, you take control and you make that decision to be in the light.

These are basic principles which you have been taught long ago. It is even more crucial now that you guard against the darkness, against the human condition and live within the light of your soul, your soul consciousness beaming forth into your material consciousness. Even with this you are still subject to the overwhelming forces that come on your planet. One example has been the rays from the sun that have touched your planet recently. You are subject to these influences as are all peoples upon the Earth. There are other forces, cosmic and otherwise that are powerful enough that you need to take notice of them. Some you must guard against and some you must come to understand and appreciate their effects.

God is pouring love upon your world, light upon your world, empowering the agents of change to bring the healing that is required in your world. In empowering the world, He is empowering you, empowering all who are willing and open, receptive to these blessings and this influence. It is important that you discern between these conditions, delineate between them, come to know them and be familiar with them. For when you are wise in these things, then you have the capacity to teach others and to walk in the world as an active agent for God. These realisations and perceptions do not come overnight. They come as you continue to grasp the reality of the soul and in this awakening, many perceptions will come. Rather than trying to use your mind and willful understanding of these things, utilising the gifts of your soul will make these understandings clear and readily available to you.

All of these things of which I have spoken over a number of years are all predicated upon the development of your soul. It requires your urgent desire and application to receive the gift of the Essence of God. For what else will empower the soul but this? It is a requirement. It is universal. It is available. It is given as a gift not only to you but to all of humanity through the universe and it is only to take advantage, to ask, to receive, to be receptive. And so I urge you again as I have many times, as many have told you many times. Seek the great gift. All else will follow in its stead.

You must come to know the universe as it truly is. You must live within God’s reality, the reality of soul. You must grasp this and integrate it into your consciousness, the shifting from mindful, surface awareness, your material consciousness to that of the soul. It is not easily done nor is it done quickly, but you are well on your way, my friends. For some of you, you have done this for decades, this prayerful practice and yet you continue to persist within the mindful ways of the world because you find comfort, reassurance and safety in this way of being. But how truly safe is this way of being? This way of being has caused much strife and suffering in the world and will continue to do so until the great changes come.

Those great changes are close at hand. Should you not be prepared to shift, to be a part of that change? Should you not start in your preparations now rather than wait? Whether you are popular with the outside world, seen as what they may call a successful individual matters not, my friends. These things are transitory. These things are not important. What is important is finding a way for yourself, your personal life to be in harmony with creation. In this, you find your salvation. In this you find your way and means of demonstrating to others how this may be accomplished.

But when you dabble between both worlds without much commitment to either, stuck in the middle as you would say, then you are an ineffective instrument, my friends. You feel that you are effective because you accomplish much in the material sense and indeed, this is an important part of life. But what informs that accomplishment? Where are you getting your inspiration and guidance? These things are of vital concern for if you are to be God’s instruments, then you must receive the guidance and the inspiration from your Creator. Guidance inspiration is not reformed and remixed in the material mind so that you feel comfortable and that the guidance is acceptable to the machinations of the material mind.

This is unfortunate, but it is the case and we learn to bend with what it is that you have created in your life, your consciousness, your reality. It will not apply to you in the future. It cannot be in a new world that requires alignment with God, alignment with God’s reality. But you are working toward this alignment, step by step, piece by piece. You will find yourself at odds with yourself, that part that knows it is of the soul and the part that thinks it knows that is of the mind. The conflict will continue. The tensions will rise. It will come to a boiling point and you feel most dissatisfied in this reality skewed by two perceptions, two ways. This is your challenge, my beloved friends. This, you know as well and I urge you on. I urge you on. Know the truth of the soul. Know that God is working to bring you to that truth. Through God’s workings, many surround you, to help you, to support you make that journey from the old and tried ways of the mind to the new and somewhat frightening ways of the soul. You must be brave, steadfast, prayerful. You must be true to your true selves, knowing that the road that you take, the journey that you make is one that will bring you joy beyond joy, truth beyond truth, love beyond love. Is this not worth it, my friends?

To walk in the ways of God, to be in the ways that God created you to be, to truly live a life in harmony, with the way life is meant to be lived. It is your choice with every breath and I urge you forward, my friends. For I am truly your friend. I only speak truth to you and I do so in love. Blessings to you, my friends. I am Orion and I love you. I love you so, my beloved friends.
