---
title: "Admonishes Us to Take Responsibility"
menu_title: ""
description: "Admonishes Us to Take Responsibility"
date: 2025-03-20 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Admonishes Us to Take Responsibility

November 5<sup>nd</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

My friends, it is your teacher, Augustine. We work diligently to clear away the obstructions around you, purifying the atmosphere, helping you to be clear in your mental imaginations and your emotional life, but we cannot force you into anything. We cannot interfere with your free will. It is often the case that when we make great effort to help you to be in that pure state and condition, as we do at this moment, you return so eagerly back to the human condition, the human thought patterns that continue to obscure your connection with God and your connection with your own soul. Yes, you are very human, beloved souls.

I would urge you, when you think of your own spiritual progression and the light that you carry, that you are not too carried away by the idea that you are some beautiful and special soul that is highly blessed by God. Indeed, your soul is beautiful, and it has light within it, but you often cloak your light with thoughts and activities that are not of love, that do not comply with the laws of love.

Yes, you are deeply loved by God and you are deeply loved by your angel friends. You have gifts and you are beautiful in your own right, but you are not so unique and special that you are above the fray of the human condition. This is all too obvious to us. How you struggle. How you continue to make choices that are not of the best and highest. I remind you of this and I will not insist on your efforts being of the best and highest, for that would invalidate my statement about not interfering with your free will.

Know that we will never leave you. God will never forsake you. But you might leave us and forsake God in efforts that are so entwined with mental conditions and the human condition that you are incapable of reaching out and connecting and being within the grace of God. Yes, we make great efforts, consistent efforts, to help you and uplift you. Indeed, you keep coming back to drink from the fountainhead of God’s Love. You keep returning to the light. Indeed, if you mark your progress, you will see that you have indeed gleaned more light and that your habits and patterns are less bent towards that which is of darkness. Unfortunately you have not beat that challenge yet. You are still susceptible and vulnerable to things that are all too human. Indeed, the cloaking of your soul with the human condition muffles and inhibits the experience of knowing God and receiving the gift of His Love.

It is not that you are far removed and incapable of receiving these gifts. It is that you continue to cloak your condition in such a way that the intensity and power of these blessings become somewhat removed from your consciousness. How unfortunate this is. Indeed, you live in the material world and you are human, as I keep repeating.

The time comes for you to put aside those aspects of yourself that are not in harmony with the laws of love. The time grows short, as we have said many times. The time for action, effort and dedication, redoubling your efforts in prayer, is now. It is not some distant future event. It is now, beloved souls. Do you not see how the world is closing in around you? The conditions are intensifying. Even your planet Earth is rebelling against humanity, throwing off great storms, earthquakes and conditions that disrupt human endeavours. It is intensifying and shall continue to do so.

Are you sincerely dedicating yourself to preparation and helping to develop the conditions within yourself that will be of light and be receptive to our efforts in God’s plan for the salvation of humanity? Oh, how I wish you were truly those special souls so removed from the human condition. How I wish you were above the fray and a great light. This is my desire and the desire of all the angels that work with you. Indeed, you are creeping forward toward this condition, but there is still quite a way to go.

I do not say this to discourage you or to criticise you. I give you all the leeway required, though I do not support excuses and explanations that are truly mindful and remove yourself from personal responsibility. You are each beautiful souls created by God, filled with gifts and blessings. You have received the greatest and highest gift of all. You are truly God’s children.

Can you rationalise being otherwise? Can you walk in the world and be lethargic and lackadaisical about being in service, God’s instruments in the world? Are you considering that very few in the world have such great opportunities and possibilities, to be a light, to be in service to God in this way, to have the highest, the angels with you, your stellar friends gathered around, beautiful and bright spirits all coalescing into one formidable force that might help you at a moment’s notice, if you but ask? When you see yourself drifting into negative conditions, why do you not ask? Rather, often you entertain them and enjoy them.

I tell you, my beloved friends, it is a great challenge to us when we see that you know the truth, that you understand it, yet do not follow it to any great degree or dedication. It is time to be mature, to take responsibility, to walk in the world as a light, pure and beautiful, to simplify your life to the point where those distractions and conditions are not impinging upon you. When they do, that you may make the choice, you may say, “No, I will not be a part of this.” When there is criticism and arrows slung all about you and toward you, you have the power to thwart them. You have the power to not allow these conditions to impinge upon your attitudes and your condition. If you are in light and with God, truly earthly conditions are not of any great matter or have any great purpose in your life.

Yes, you must indeed live in the earthly world, but the way you might live and how you might be in that world will ensure that your needs are met and that you are in the light as well, in harmony with the laws that are of love. I know that I, at times, come to admonish you. It is not that at this particular moment and this particular time, that you have wronged God or done something that is of note, that is of darkness. No, these conditions that you carry, you continue to do so because you live with them. They are so much a part of you that you do not even acknowledge them as being an issue, something that you must confront. So, we patiently wait for you to wake up to these conditions and to confront them with the strength and light that you surely have within your souls, to interrupt the patterns, thoughts, judgements, the anger and all those things that are of human nature.

It is for you to do so, for we cannot. We can continue to ameliorate your own condition by bringing our light and love close, but how does that create strength within you, beloved souls? How does that bring you to the light? It merely coddles you along in such a way that you continue to be children. Not children that are growing and maturing, but children who wish to remain children and allow us to do what you would call the heavy lifting. It is time for you to do the heavy lifting, beloved souls. It is time for you to step forward in light, to truly be cognisant of your behaviour, your thoughts and your deeds.

I say these things because I love you so. I know, at times, a parent must admonish their child. Surely, I feel like your parent, possibly your great, great, great grandfather. Indeed, I am part of your family, and I know you trust me in the things that I say and you trust this instrument to deliver them accurately. So, I take this opportunity to implore you to seek the light, to be good and in the flow of goodness, in the flow of God’s Will and God’s Love. This you can do, beloved souls. I see within you a great light growing and glowing. Make use of what is within you, within your soul and step forward in light, purity and love.

When you falter, do not merely admonish yourself and carry on, but ask yourself the question, *“Why did I choose this? Where is the benefit for me to be in this condition and to have these thoughts and to express these deeds? How am I God’s beautiful instrument, His channel of Love, when I look upon my brothers and sisters in judgement, anger, pain and all manner of dark and difficult conditions?”*

It is time to ask these questions. It has always been time, but now I remind you once again to do so with sincerity, honesty and strength, to truly be that child of light, you must confront the darkness within you. In time, you shall confront the darkness all around you, but without the will and desire to do so, you become, to a degree, part of that darkness. How can you teach others to move toward the light if you are of both conditions, dark and light? It is time to be pure. It is time to simplify how you are in the world and to be that light, truly and graciously, powerfully and joyfully, with wisdom, with love.

I will say no more other than I love you. I will not leave you. I will not forsake you. I will continue. The great blessing of God’s Love that entered into my soul, which replaced my tendency for impatience, of which I had a great deal of on the earthly plane, brought patience. Every angel has patience and can wait. But that does not mean that we neglect to be concerned, prayerful and make great efforts on your behalf, for we do. We shall and we shall continue to do so together, shall we not, beloved souls, beautiful lights of God? I am your teacher, Augustine. You, my beautiful students, may we know the grace of God and live by it with every breath. God bless you. God bless you all.
