---
title: "God’s Universe is Filled with Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "God’s Universe is Filled with Love"
date: 2025-06-01 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God’s Universe is Filled with Love

May 28<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

My beloved friends, I am Orion. That God created a universe filled with love and has created a universe that strives toward harmony, God also created a universe that has given those who possess a soul the capacity for free will. Even though His universe is filled with love and aspires toward harmony, all those who have a soul can detach themselves from this universe and choose to walk the path that does not prescribe this universal love and harmony within it. Or they may, indeed, be a part of it. Fortunately, the vast majority of beings that possess a soul have ascribed toward the path of love, thus creating greater harmony in the universe. For those souls who are filled with the great Essence of God help to amplify the power of love in the universe.

This is your purpose, as is ours, to reflect and amplify this love. To have it expressed in all the unique ways and expressions that are this universe of God’s souls, thus creating a dynamic and wondrous blessing and expression of souls in God’s universe, these tiny reflections of the great Oversoul of God. It is the destiny of humanity to join with all those who are reflecting love, who are in harmony with the Laws of Love, in harmony with the Laws of Creation, and in alignment with the great surge of purpose and expression toward harmony.

Humanity, on this Earth, has been quite wayward and is not ascribed toward this goal. Yet, God provides in many different ways, through many different avenues, the support and Truth of this Love that may be acknowledged and received by humanity. You are part of the ones who have discovered and accepted this truth. Thus, you are a part of God’s universe of harmony and love. In this, you receive the blessings and benefits of being a part of this great universe of love.

You also have within you those conditions that have been brought on by aeons of choice and expression of humanity that are contrary to these laws, so you struggle within yourself. You struggle to be in harmony with the laws and yet, there are parts of you that are not and continue to reinforce that which is not in harmony with the laws. But you have around you, arrayed all around you, beautiful lights, beautiful souls, beautiful beings who help to reinforce that which is in harmony. This way, you benefit greatly from the efforts made by others who have within them great love and compassion for humanity. For we are all brothers and sisters. We are all part of this great family that spans the universe.

As such, our desire is to harmonise with all who are part of this great family, all that God has created and, in this creation, has deemed possible that humanity may join together, may be connected soul to soul throughout the universe. Thus, creating a vast network of light, a vast network of energies and blessings that, with God’s help and blessings upon each one, is amplified through each one and amplified to one another and to the universe, having created something far greater than what was at the beginning.

These dynamics, these laws, come into play in every part of the universe, every element of God’s creation. Those of you who are out of sync with this, who are not a part of it, suffer greatly as a result. For the benefits that will come with this interconnectedness, this lattice of souls in harmony with God, will bring many, many blessings, benefits and great joy to every soul. In this, will come a great expansion of consciousness, of awareness, of wisdom, abilities and gifts that are within the soul to be expressed and applied in the universe. Thus, all the struggles, all the pains, all the difficulties that you now face, would be eliminated by this interconnection between souls and this great connection of one soul to God amplified countless times.

This is the universe that God has created and yet, it is the universe that many of you have rejected. Your reality is so different from this universal truth and reality. Yet, you are meant to be a part of it. So, great efforts are being made to help you to become a part of it. My beloved brothers and sisters, I honour you. We are truly part of this family of God’s creation and each of us have the great potentials equal to another to another to another. Our desire is to help you realise those potentials, help you realise how this may be accomplished. Help you to see that in forging a deep connection with your Creator, you are also forging a deep connection with us and many more. You are forging a deep connection with your soul which will, in time, encompass your entire consciousness. In this way, your capacity and ability to connect, to be a part of it in a conscious way, the great universe of souls, will be realised.

Those who have entered into the Celestial Kingdom are well aware of this interconnection. Their souls have come to that place of true perception, acceptance and love. Thus they, too, are our brothers and sisters. There are many bright spirits also in your world, certainly within the world of spirit, as you call it. Although we do not delineate so much as you do, these things. These spirits also have some measure of awareness of the great family of humanity. There is coming a time when this awareness will become common. With effort, and with the opening and transformation of each soul upon this world and in the spirit world, it will be universal. You will truly join as brothers and sisters, equal and beautiful, unique and wondrous in their capacities and expressions of a soul connected eternally to God and all that this entails. We await this time. We strive diligently to help you come close to this time and to realise within yourself what this truly means and how you may truly be.

We will continue in our efforts, as will many. How blessed and fortunate you are. In a world that is so contrary to these things, you have built around yourself an oasis of light, a way in which we may connect. All the beautiful souls in the universe may have the possibility of connection, of the realisation of these new found brothers and sisters. For in the past, before your beloved brother, Jesus, opened the door to this development and ability, you were lost to us. We did not know you, for you inhabited a place that was removed from this great reality. Even though you had the potential and the possibility, it was not even a flicker of consciousness toward these things. Now you are striving toward them. Now you are finding your place within this great lattice of consciousness. In time, you will realise these things and bring wonderment, joy, wisdom, knowledge, and all things good and in harmony with the Laws of Love.

You step closer each day. We all step closer to one another each day. We will find our way together. Together, we are united in this one great purpose of finding the true meaning and purpose of a life created by the great Creator and the journey of that life toward at-onement with all the universe and the great universe of God. May you walk swiftly upon this road and truly be that being that you are meant to be. We are with you close, as are many. May you be blessed. I am Orion. My love for you is great. God bless you, beloved souls. God bless you in the universe of love, in the universe of humanity, in the universe of soul. God bless you.
