---
title: "You Are Further Along Than You Think"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Are Further Along Than You Think"
date: 2025-04-02 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Are Further Along Than You Think

November 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

It is important that you continue to connect with others with open minds and open hearts. For how is the world going to heal itself from this dreadful lack of love if there is not openness and love expressed? I am your friend, Orion, and I continue to encourage you upon the Path of Love. For it is Love that is the binding agent, the very Essence of which comes from God, that will heal this world and uplift all within it. There are many who are guarded and who are in darkness, lost and having great difficulties living upon this earthly world.

You, beloved souls, are very blessed indeed and continue to live a life that is bountiful and, compared to many, is of great ease. These obstructions to your channel of love, to being a beautiful soul in the world, do not exist for you. Although there are always conditions and problems associated with any life, you have surmounted much and you are strong in light.

I urge you to continue to put aside your judgments. Put aside all conditions that are not in harmony with the Laws of God's Love. Be that light. Live in harmony and peace. It is merely the vestiges of your material mind and patterns that have developed over years of living on this challenging world that continue to hold you from this purity, this beauty. For it exists within you. It is in your soul. Much that has been encrusted around your soul has been loosened and released. That which is left is minor compared to that which was with you when you first entered upon the process and journey of soul awakening.

It is your persistence and your desire, your efforts and your practice that has made your light brighter, glowing and expressive in the world. These are all hard-earned conditions and blessings that you have created around yourself, and that God has put around you as well. I honour you for these efforts, beloved souls, the beautiful souls that you are. I honour you.

Yet there is still more to come. As you all know, we continue to forge ahead, step by step, upon that great staircase of soul awakening and development. As you receive more of the Love, so you rise further. Or you do not, if you resist and decide to stay where you are. It is your free will choice, of course. But you continue to desire deep within you progress, that progress that shall never end, that progress that shall bring greater light, joy, insight, truth and capacity to love.

My beloveds, you have elected to partake in the greatest journey of all. The most profound journey, the one which will, in time, lead to at-onement with God. Few understand you, I know. Even you, at times, do not understand. But it is the desire of your soul, the efforts of your soul, the longings of your soul, that keep you upon the straight and narrow path. They help you to gain the wisdom, the strength and the capacity to continue on, even though it is so very contrary to many things in this material life of yours.

My beautiful friends, you are lights and you are beautiful. Remember to love yourself, to bring that Love that resides within your soul further into your consciousness, your being, your awareness. For it is in this Love, that great binding agent, that will unify and integrate all parts of you as you continue to accept, grow and slough off those restrictions, habits and fears. The beauty and the wonderment of your own self, the soul that God has created, that is unique and glorious, will become ever more apparent as you move along this journey, as you rise up the steps of awareness of love.

Be true to yourselves, beloveds. Be true to God. Such a simple way. It is a way that is universal. It is a way that ensures that all souls in God's universe will find light and progress in accordance with their efforts and desires. It is a simple way. It is the way of truth and you have elected to follow the way of truth. May you be blessed, beloved souls. Your friend Orion, ever by your side, as are many. We love you. We love you dearly, gracious souls of God. God bless you in Love.
