---
title: "Be True to Yourself and Your Creator"
menu_title: ""
description: "Be True to Yourself and Your Creator"
date: 2025-04-08 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Be True to Yourself and Your Creator

June 28<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Confusius received by Al Fike

…little daughter, beautiful soul that you are, forever eager to serve God and the truth. You need to know how loved you are, beloved soul and how close we are to you in your efforts and desire to serve. Yes, we are close. You have an inclination to run ahead when you see the beginning of the starting line, you cannot walk. You must run. In this running, you expend much energy. Much of yourself, you run and run. Yet, are you further ahead in this?

Some sit in passivity. Some pace themselves with wisdom. I wish to encourage you to walk in wisdom and allow the flow of God’s Will through you in such a way that there is harmony and peace, that you are replenished, that you are at peace. There are times to run, of course you must. There are times when you must sit in prayer and there are times when you must walk in patience. A good instrument for God knows the time and way of expressing God’s Will and desire to activate His instruments upon the Earth. I urge you to know the wisdom of your own soul, beloved daughter, to feel the inclinations of God’s Will rising up within you and expressing themselves that are in the way of harmony with you and through you, these expressions of God’s Love filling you and being released and flowing forth, a great geyser of love. This is true of all of you and for you, my beloved friends. That wisdom is important.

To know the Will of God but also to express the Will of God in harmony with the ways and means it is to be expressed. Wisdom, wisdom, my beloveds, discernment, peace and patience are so important, they come with love. They come with love expressed willingly, overtly and unrestricted. Most of all, my beloved, beloved friends, you must love yourself. For when that love resides within you and is expressed in all parts of you, then you become a beautiful and clear instrument, a channel of love and God’s purposeful agent in the world. Many of you hold back because you are afraid to make the mistake. You are afraid that God will disapprove and that your brothers and sisters will disapprove of you. This is born in fear, not love. For those of you who are reluctant, who sit and wait, I say to you, the time to spread your wings is now. The time to express your gifts is now. It is not tomorrow. It is now.

Do not let yourselves be fooled by those things within your mind that continue to hold you in fear, doubt and pain. The love that has accumulated within your soul has brought you together in this Circle of Love and Light. It is the powerful force that has drawn you together today and for the days you have been together. Listen and honour that force within you. Do not listen to the chatterings of your head, the mind so engaged in erroneous thought. Be clear in the Love of God. Be brave and strong in this beautiful Love that is given, that you have asked for and received, that you shall continue to receive, and it shall continue to have its effects upon you.

Do not ignore this, beloved souls. Do not make your conscious self so engaged in the material ways of this world that you ignore the promptings of your soul and the guidance that comes from God through your soul. For when you come to know these things and honour these things and act upon these things, then you will find that your life will be filled with service, be filled with harmony, be filled with love and joy. This is not complicated, my beloved friends. It is the truth and has been said at times, *“the truth shall set you free.”* Indeed, you all seek to be free to spread your wings and flutter forth into the realms of God.

The Light of God who draws you upward, beloveds, ever upward into light. Be free and do not impose upon yourself impractical expectations, difficulties and fear of failures. Beloved, beloved souls, all you need to do is allow the desires of your soul to manifest and they will be in harmony with God. Put aside the ambitions of your mind, the expectations that come, those things that have been imposed by so many others in your life, things that were impressed upon you at a very young and early age. They are no longer relevant. What is relevant is the growing, expanding and transforming of your soul and how that may be integrated and expressed within your life. When you are able to do this in your life, even a tiny, tiny effort you will see the results and they will bring you joy and understanding that God has you in His embrace. God is guiding you. God is there, in your life, protecting you and showing you the way. Can you accept this, my beloved friends? Can you truly walk with your Creator in the light, in the wisdom and the joy that is His Love manifest within you, through you and all about you?

Know the grace, beauty and wonderment of God’s Touch upon your soul. In this, all else will come in its own time and place as you are willing to accept and embrace the truth. As you are willing to accept and embrace your own true self, these things will come and they will be beautiful. Indeed, your wings will spread and you will fly and you will know a life that has been blessed by God in wondrous and beautiful ways. Be free, my beloved, beloved friends. Be true to yourself and true to your Creator and all will come. You will know joy. You will know wisdom. You will know peace. Most of all you will know that you are loved, beyond measure, beyond measure, my beloveds.

Be God’s child, His little birds, with wings that He has provided that you may fly and rise up into the light. I love you so, my beloved, beautiful, beautiful souls. I love you so. So many crowd around you in love, appreciation and acknowledgement. They see your struggles and they see your triumphs. They know this is a difficult road to go upon, but it is the most satisfying of all roads. It will bring the most of you, through you and from you to benefit this world. We progress together and we are together on the magnificent journey of the soul. God guides His hand upon you all, never to falter, never. So we continue, beloveds. We continue and shall do so not only in this life but along the road of life for eternity.

May you be blessed today and everyday, deeply and profoundly, powerfully so that you will truly know yourself and yourself will be expressed and flourish in love. I love you. I love you and I walk with you. You are not alone. We are all together, a family of love, a beautiful family of love and light and we nourish one another as best as we can. Is that not so? We nourish the desires of our soul every day and this shall be expressed in wondrous gifts, blessings and manifestations of your beautiful, beautiful soul. God bless you. Confucius loves you. I come to speak to you plainly with encouragement and love, children of God, children of God, each one. So loved. So blessed. Confucius loves you.
