---
title: "Be at One with God"
menu_title: ""
description: "Be at One with God"
date: 2025-07-10 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Be at One with God

May 15<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Good bless you, my dear friends. Orion is here again to be with my beautiful friends who are eager seekers of truth, who take their journey toward light, love and truth seriously and consistently as they live their lives. Oh how we wish this for every soul upon your planet, that they may find their way toward that which will nourish the soul, awaken the soul.

Humanity has indeed put much effort and energy into their material mind and as a result there are many material benefits, many things that have been created by man through their efforts to understand the universe in a mechanical and material way. Unfortunately, this has led to a great imbalance in the nature of man, having the intellect predominate, discrediting the emotions, the feelings and most of all discrediting the soul. Many feel as if they are soulless, that there is nothing there within them other than that which is operating within the material sense and perception. This is because they do not acknowledge or perceive anything greater than this. If they do, often this is repressed or discounted.

You have gone a very different direction, my beloved friends. Although you, too, honour your mind more than your soul. I do not wish to offend anyone with this statement. Yet, in our observations of you, it is true that the vast majority of time in your world, your daily routines, the mind takes precedence and the mind is used in order to navigate the events of your day. This is not an altogether undesirable thing and yet, a balance is needed. This is why you come day in and day out in prayer, seeking guidance, seeking and contemplating truth because you know and feel there is a need for balance. There is a need to nurture the soul. For you have nurtured the mind or at least through your life experiences, your mind has taken precedence and has been trained well. The soul, that amorphous thing within you that seems so different and yet so compelling, also needs training and also needs development. Thus, you go to God and ask for His blessing of Love that indeed ignites the soul to life.

 You also need to understand, to navigate, to explore the recesses of your soul, to put focus and consciousness upon it and within it so that you may know it well. This is not only your challenge and invitation but the invitation to humanity. You are the forerunners for what must happen for all. Thus, you are wiser and more experienced than many, many others. We continue to support you and uphold you, so that you may indeed share your insights, your experiences, your stories, your understanding of truth with those who do not understand and have not experienced as of yet, these things. The difficulty is that you experience much within your soul in a unique way. It is not as if this is a standard and formulaic approach to soul development.

Of course, there are some aspects of this development that all must comply with. They are simple and they are few. But what comes of this is unique to each individual, their personality, their emotional makeup, their material chemistry. Many, many aspects of the individual come into play in terms of what is consciously experienced when one is in that state of soul consciousness, the actual pure soul consciousness cannot be explained but the manifestations, the imagery, the feelings can. All things that are a part of, yet not entirely “the” thing that is the soul, are experienced by the individual in their own unique ways. What they would share with another would indicate this uniqueness.

Yet, underneath that there are certain things that are consistent with that of the feeling of Love that comes from God, that energy that God presents to you. For what you call the Holy Spirit is consistent with every individual, for it is a law enacted and manifested. Yet, what that ignites and how you may feel, how you may approach these feelings and experiences is entirely up to you because you possess free will. In the sharing of these things, you acknowledge with one another, the reality of this blessing of Love from God and the reality of your soul emerging, developing and opening to this gift.

Thus, you have much to share, my friends. I urge you to share, not only with one another but to the world. The world needs to know there are other levels of consciousness, other ways of viewing life, other ways of experiencing life, ways that are much more harmonious with the laws of God, God’s creation, God’s Laws of Love. These are the ways in which the potentials of the individual soul may be developed, opened, honed and expressed. This is the next step for humanity although this has been available to humanity for a very long time. Indeed, because of the powerful distractions that your world creates for you, it is often not acknowledged. There are glimpses. There are times, short but sweet, where the soul emerges into your consciousness and you feel the upliftment and the joy of it.

You must teach the joy of this experience. You must experience for yourself the joy of the soul expansive in God’s Love, that this feeling, this knowing, this level of consciousness brings far greater gratification and joy than anything else in your world, even the love between two mates, the love between mother and child, the love of something that you enjoy in the world. Indeed, these are powerful things and they are beautiful things. But the Love that you will experience with God is of the highest. It is the most beautiful thing. It is the most refined Love. It is the greatest gift. So you must teach this.

My beloved friends, teach the truth of God’s Love in all its simplicity and all its expressions. It is not a difficult thing to teach. It is difficult to reach. For the individual to come to terms with this level of consciousness. It takes discipline and time, persistence and effort. For some, it comes readily. These are the gifted ones. For some it is a great struggle. It might even be a lifetime of struggle. This is more normal. This is something that is a great impediment to the growth of humanity. It is difficult to overcome the structures of the mind, the rigidities of the mind and go to that place of soul. But it is possible. As we have said many times, the changes that are coming as the Earth continues to evolve and slough off the human condition will encourage and direct many toward this consciousness. What else will humanity have to explore and to experience when all the distractions of your material world have disappeared? This will be a great time for your instrumentality, my friends, a great time indeed. You will have the doors open to you that you might teach and show many a different way of being in the world.

This is the part of the plan that is spoken of, the Divine plan that is in action at this time. My beloved friends, you continue to prepare and we continue to prepare you, many of us involved and engaged in this effort to help you and others to become those beacons of light in the world, to become harbingers of love, peace, comfort and truth, to be a loving channel for many. Be consistent in your efforts. Do not allow the material conditions which challenge each of you to direct you away from this soul consciousness. Rather, put these conditions in their proper place and proper time, and put God in the forefront of your consciousness.

Pray with everything. Pray for everything. Be with God in all things. You will find a great difference in your attitudes, your perceptions and your feelings. You will be well on your way to true and pure soul consciousness. Do not linger and do not falter, my friends but be true to your true selves and be with God. This is what this part of you is capable of, in time, atonement with God. What a glorious idea, to be at-one with God and yet, to be yourself, to be distinct and unique and with God in this closest of close relationships.

May you be blessed, my beloved friends. Continue to forge ahead upon the path Divine and see for yourselves in all its glory and wonderment and depth and breadth, what it means to be within your soul and in this, be in communion with your Creator. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I love you dearly, will continue to uphold you and speak to you of these things so important, so vital, so beautiful. God bless you.
