---
title: "Let Your Longings Flow to Your Heavenly Father"
menu_title: ""
description: "Let Your Longings Flow to Your Heavenly Father"
date: 2025-07-19 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Let Your Longings Flow to Your Heavenly Father

February 12<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Online Circle of Light, Liverpool, NY, USA

Mary received by Elizabeth Mack

I am Mary. I come close to you this day, to all of you, to bring blessings and my love to you. For God knows, in each of your souls, what it is you desire and God chooses to honour those desires, to bless you with fulfilling those desires that are of the highest intentions.

You know the goodness, the value and the blessings that have been bestowed upon you. We are raising you higher, uplifting you. We come to help you as you seek God's Love and God's blessings. We come to share our love with you, share healings with you and come close so that you may feel our love. You have such densities about you and some in you, that if you ask the Father sincerely, deeply, they will be removed from you, for His Love is what you truly desire.

Open up. Allow this Love to pierce your very soul and bring you to a condition of clarity, of love and of gentleness in your lives, in your being, where this is your sanctuary, this Love from the Creator of everything. God's Touch is upon you now. Let His breath clear away those things that are ready to be removed from you. Let your love fly upward toward the heavens that the Father's Love may touch you more and more.

It is all up to your will, dear children, to love your heavenly Father, to let your longings flow to Him and to open to His response. It is always available. May the Father bless you with His Love, His mercy, His healing, always. God bless you.
