---
title: "Opening Message, Closing Message"
menu_title: ""
description: "Opening Message, Closing Message"
date: 2025-06-18 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Opening Message, Closing Message

May 30<sup>th</sup>, 2024

DLSF Board Strategic Planning Guidance, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Alec Gaunt & Augustine received by Al Fike

Friends, I am Alec Gaunt. I am very much a part of your efforts, as are many in the spirit world, in the Celestial Kingdom. I want you to keep in mind that it is the Will of God and the plan that God has for the salvation of humanity that we are working with. I want you to keep in mind that you have your angel friends close by giving guidance. Indeed, we have been a part of this since the beginning of this small organisation. We have guided and directed accordingly. How you have expressed and interpreted that guidance has not always been flawless, and at times there has been dead ends to it. Yet, on the whole, you have followed the directions and carried on the path that is designated by God.

I urge you, my beloved friends, to not just think with your minds and these particular ways and means of organising and developing your plans. They are valid, of course, but there is that extra ingredient, that extra part that is most crucial. If you ignore this, then unfortunately, your plans will not go as planned. You will find yourself confronting barriers and obstacles. Yet, when you are in alignment with God and God’s plans, everything flows harmoniously and you see your next steps clearly. I will leave it at that, my beloved friends, and you may continue your discussions.

Thank you for listening to me and I will, at times, add some commentary. I will put impressions within this instrument’s mind and others will most likely come and do the same. God bless you on this small journey of planning, developing and recommitting to this great goal to bring the Truth of God’s Love to humanity. God bless you, my friends. I am Alec and I love you. I love you all and I am close, always. God bless you.

**Augustine:** The dilemmas you face are the dilemmas that have been faced for time immemorial. I am your teacher, Augustine. There are many sayings regarding this, “that you may bring a horse to water, but you cannot make that horse drink.” You can bring the truth to humanity, but you cannot make humanity absorb, comply and integrate the truth. For the great power of free will indicates that the greatest asset you may have as a group, in terms of your effort, is patience. To be humble and patient is the ideal stance in this great, long journey of transforming humanity from that of darkness to light, that of ignorance to truth.

We know patience, for we have been making great effort for two thousand years, my friends, Two thousand years to bring humanity to this truth. It only has been in the last hundred years that the clear and unambiguous knowledge of truth has been given to humanity. Yet, how many in that hundred years have been drawn to, have subscribed to, have adopted the truth in this clear way? What joy you bring us that there are those of you on Earth who are willing to step forward, are willing to bring this truth forward, are willing to share this truth with others, are willing to do so in a way that they are not clouded by material ideas and understandings that are so much a part of the imaginings of humanity. Rather, you understand the power of the soul, the ability of the soul to understand truth and to be with God. This is the way and means which you must convey to others.

This is a formidable task. But you must know, and I know that you understand, that you have a great legion of supporters in the Celestial Kingdom and in the higher realms of spirit, and those of you on Earth support one another. It is in solidifying this support, solidifying your intentions, in unifying your efforts, that you will come to be successful. I know some of you worry or are concerned about the material that is required to make these ambitions a reality, these things that you have talked about today. My beloved and beautiful students, these are the least of your worries. For the workings of God and the workings of His angels, the workings of the bright spirits and even your stellar friends are quite capable of helping others and yourself to manifest the material means in order to fulfil these efforts.

It is in your commitment and your development, the unfolding of your gifts, the unfolding of your soul in God’s Love that is the greatest benefit and the greatest challenge to these efforts. If you are ready and willing to step forward, if you speak the truth in ways that are not complicated and clouded by theories and ideas that are not truly of the soul, then you may step forward in clarity, with clear ideas, clear intentions, and clear ambitions. These ambitions, intentions and desires come to the soul from God, manifest through you and your minds, in your conscious self. It is for you to be in that state of grace, clarity and humility. It is for you to realise that you have been brought together for a purpose, that God’s plan is working through you. Indeed, to be open and receptive to the Will of God, to the guidance that will be given, is most crucial at this time.

You may make all the policies and words structured together in the most eloquent way, but if they are not supported by a soul truly in alignment with God, truly dedicated to living the Truth of God’s Love, then these things will fall by the wayside as they have done for millennia. My beloved and beautiful students, realise that a great portion of what you do together is needed and predicated upon the truth that you carry within yourself and express in your lives. The authenticity of the soul must be your goal. That it may come forth in all its splendour, glory and light and be the guiding force, the inspiration, the expression of all of these things that you have talked about today. When the soul is applied to these things, when the soul is truly in alignment with the intentions of the mind and the mind in alignment with the soul, and all in alignment with God, you cannot falter, beloved friends. You will not falter, but you will find the harmony and the joy, the peace and the activation that comes with a soul as God’s instruments, as God’s beautiful lights in the world doing God’s bidding, being in alignment with God’s plan, being true to what you know is true.

I know I speak these things, not as something new, not as revelation to you. For I merely remind you of when you set that foot forward, you do it in love. You do it in truth. You do it for your love of your Creator and your love of your brothers and sisters. You do it in service that is humble, kind, gracious, gentle and yet, forceful at the same time. The truth will set you free, my beloved and beautiful friends. Your goal is to set others free from the tyranny of darkness, ignorance and error. To bring forth the simple truth that any individual may understand. To do so in such a way that you may assist them in decluttering their mind and releasing the weight and barriers of their own inner darkness and error. It is a formidable task. But one, when you are in alignment with God, flows in harmony, flows easily and is expressed beautifully, appropriately, and eloquently.

Realise that your intentions, my beautiful and beloved students of truth, must be in alignment with God’s intentions. You must come to understand what God’s intentions are, what God desires of you. Also, you must be in alignment with what God created you to be, your purpose, the flow of your life, the meaning of your life. When these things are known and expressed, then what you may do together under this umbrella of intention and ambition will be magnificent, will be powerful, will be beautiful and will be in the light.

I applaud your efforts, beloved souls. I applaud your intentions, even your thoughts and thinking in regard to what you must do. You are well grounded and practical. You are not in that, what you call “pie in the sky” idea and thought. Rather, you wish to be effective, practical and powerful in your intentions and your expressions. I encourage you to do so, but to do so with prayer first and foremost. To align your thoughts with the intentions of God and God’s desire and plan for the salvation of humanity.

Each of you are capable of this, beloved souls. In your own way, you can do this. Do not rely solely on, say, this instrument that speaks to you now, or another. No, you must garner the truth for yourself, bring the guidance to yourself and then share with others in collaboration. You will find that that which is common amongst you is the course to be taken. That which is true amongst you is the truth to be followed, that which feels right to you. I know that this is a rather vague statement, but that rightness of being is a signal from your soul saying this is true, this is in harmony, this is where we must go or you must go individually.

You are now at that place to know the rightness of being, the rightness of where you must go, how you must express your desire to serve God and how that expression must evolve and unfold in your life. So, it shall, beautiful souls, so it shall. As you continue to trust the knowing of your own soul, as you continue to trust the wisdom that lies within you, as you continue to trust that tentative expression of love in the world, the love that is growing and developing, transforming you and being expressed through you. In these ways, you will be powerful instruments for God.

In these expressions together, you can and do have the potential to change the world, to set forth in motion great momentums, great expressions that will have their effects for generations to come. Know that you have this potential, beloved souls. That you may, indeed, express this purpose of the soul that God has given you. God will guide you forward in this. God will put before you the ways and means that you may serve and express yourselves. Magnificent and wondrous ways, ways you cannot imagine at this time. Ways that will unfold as you take those steps forward. As you support and love one another, as each of you in your own way move forward in love, in truth, in action and in humility as you listen to the Will of God that speaks to you, each of you, as you hear in your way His Will, as you come to understand in your own way through your own gifts and the gifts, the plan, the revelations that God will give to you.

May God bless you on this journey. I am very, very happy with your efforts, as are many. We applaud you, beloved souls. How many hundreds of years has it taken to have a group of individuals who know the truth and understand with clarity, with vision, with commitment, with integrity, with desire that this truth may stand forth amongst humanity? That humanity will be given the choice, the opportunity, the ability to truly understand the power of God’s Love, the wonderment of God’s Love. How this will, indeed, change every soul and can do so. You have taken on a magnificent commitment, and you will be rewarded, beloveds, rewarded greatly for this. Do not waste any moment, any day, but strive for the truth to be expressed within you, through you and around you. God will do the rest, beloveds. God will do the rest. All you need to do is follow with faith, to grasp the truth as you can, to strive to love, to love yourself, to love humanity, to love God. How difficult is this, beloveds, how difficult?

My beloved and beautiful souls, we will carry on, indeed. We will make every effort to inspire each one of you, to place within your consciousness an understanding of your true purpose and efforts together. You will know the joy of it, the depth and breadth of it, the truth of it. We are with you. We are with you in love. I am your teacher, Augustine. I love you dearly, beautiful souls of God’s creation, servants, followers, leaders and doers within the light and truth of God. God bless you. God bless you, loved ones.
