---
title: "Progressing in Soul Consciousness"
menu_title: ""
description: "Progressing in Soul Consciousness"
date: 2025-04-02 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Progressing in Soul Consciousness

November 12<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

There is so much disruption on your planet. I am Orion. So many are in fear, concerned about many different issues and conditions in your world. Even you have within you a tinge of concern as you watch the events unfold in your world. So, we come to bring peace and we hope that in this group, this gathering, you may generate peace for the world. Comfort, love, light, wisdom, all the wondrous things that emanate from the soul, the soul that continues to grow in God’s Love.

Could you imagine a world that has that focus, the focus of love rather than fear, judgement and concerns? Yes, it is a very dysfunctional world that you live in, one whose problems and dilemmas are so complex that no one human being could discern all that is of great concern in your world. Yet, as a species, you are tenacious. You continue to plod along. No matter what the conditions are, you plod along. Some walk in faith, while some walk in fear and stubbornness, a tenacity that comes from a determination not to be defeated by the conditions of this world. In this way, you are a remarkable species, one that is full of strength, single-mindedness and, indeed, mindfulness.

It is difficult for us to explain the next level, the different place that is the soul, even to you, my beautiful friends. Some of you have inklings and have experiences that indicate that they are of a soul origin, your consciousness attuned to this, but often you are within the mindful place that is so common in your world. Yet, we and many others continue to uphold you and to be close so that you might find your way into that meadow of light, that beautiful consciousness of soul. That you may feel the peace, know the peace, the love, the upliftment, the sense of grace that comes when a soul is in alignment with God.

Your souls are in alignment with God. You have chosen the desires of your souls over the intentions of your mind to be in that place with God. But it is fleeting, and it is needed that you are there in substantial moments of time, rather than be a fleeting experience. A consciousness of soul continues to grow within you. In time, your mind will not be able to resist, will capitulate and you will find that this consciousness will absorb the mindful state. You will have an integration so powerful and beautiful that the world will appear to be a very different place. You will see yourself from a very different perspective. You will see God from a closer viewpoint, something that is more in alignment with who and what God truly is.

Until that time comes, I urge you to pay attention to those glimpses that you have of the soul awareness and those feelings that come over you when we, your Celestial friends and bright spirits come close and that experience of God’s Touch upon your soul. All of these things are indications of a continued progression toward soul consciousness, and they are crucial. It is important for you to listen, to feel, to hear, to sense, to intuit these things, rather than entertaining the material mind as you often do.

What can you contribute in a material way, my beloved friends? What are your gifts in the material world? Each of you has journeyed upon that road and expressed yourself in the ways and means that you are able. Now it is time to relinquish that sense of responsibility toward the material world. Of course, there are aspects and elements that must be attended to. You are not in the spirit body. But that is not your main focus now. That will not be the key to success in bringing the blessings, the truth and the gift of God’s Love to humanity, helping all of humanity to shift in their consciousness toward that of the soul.

So, you must shift. It is important. It is crucial and it is now. For there is little time, beloved souls. The time is now. We urge you, as your Celestial friends have done and as I am sure you feel within your very heart of being, that the time is now. The timing of God’s plan, the execution of this plan is upon us. Though the manifestations and expressions of it still remain quite subtle, these things will continue to intensify. You will find yourself aware in a deeper way of your part within that plan. Continue to have faith in it, continue to grow within it. In order to do so, it must be through soul perceptions, awareness and development.

Be clear of your path and journey, what is important and what is needed. Do not lose yourself in distractions and ways that bring you off the path, away from God and away from this crucial and great privilege of your purpose and your part to play. Be with God, beloved friends. Be in harmony with God’s Laws. You know them. You feel them. You are aware of them. Be of great faith, as our beloved brother Jesus says and walk the road of truth. This way, all things will fall as you receive the great gift of the Essence of the Creator of the universe. It is there for you always. May you take advantage and sip of these waters numerous times in the day and walk upon the path, straight and narrow, the goodness all about you, the goodness flowing from you, the goodness bringing great light.

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and once again, I come to encourage you, to uplift you and to clarify and remind you of what is needed. God bless you, my beloved friends.
