---
title: "Come Willingly and Openly Asking the Father for His Love, Again and Again"
menu_title: ""
description: "Come Willingly and Openly Asking the Father for His Love, Again and Again"
date: 2025-03-20 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Come Willingly and Openly Asking the Father for His Love, Again and Again

November 4<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Rock Hill, SC, USA

Mark received by Elizabeth Mack

I am here. I am Mark. I was an apostle after the Master passed over. I am a disciple of him even now and I reside in the Celestial Heavens and I come as a blessing from our Father to tell you that as you pass over, there are many angels to come and administer to you and help you in your transition from human being to a spirit. There will be many people who come and greet each one of you when you come into the spirit world. For God knows that none need be alone. None need be afraid. None need to be without any assistance so do not fear about crossing over into the spirit world but be focussed, focussed upon moving yourself into the greater and greater light by obtaining God’s mercy which is His Divine Love, into your souls.

So do not hide. Do not be afraid but come forward willingly and openly asking the Father for His love again and again and again that you may be blessed over and over again because each time you receive this gift of love a little more of you is brought forward into the light. And there are more and more opportunities to grow in this light.

I share this with you all knowing that you all have had people close to you pass over and many of you have prayed for those people and know that God also hears your prayers and responds accordingly. Nothing in God’s economy is wasted. Know that you each are love and the more love you have, the closer you come to your Creator and the closer you come, you will know even better, how much you are loved.

I thank you for listening to me and I go but before I do, may you be blessed eternally, mightily with the Father’s Divine Love flowing, flowing to your open souls. May you always be ready to receive this most precious gift from our Father. My love is with you and thank you for listening to me today. God bless you. I love you as do many of the souls who are here.
