---
title: "Encourages Us and Acknowledges our Patience and Consistency"
menu_title: ""
description: "Encourages Us and Acknowledges our Patience and Consistency"
date: 2025-04-02 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Encourages Us and Acknowledges our Patience and Consistency

November 19<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

I applaud you for your patience, beloved souls. I am Orion. In your fast-paced world, accomplishing something is part of an expectation to have results quickly and efficiently, to be productive and to be “quick on your feet,” so to speak. All of these things are part of your cultural expectations. Yet you come week by week to be together in this way in prayer. I am sure for each one of you, the pace of change is not exactly what you would like. I think you desire to change at the drop of a hat, to change so that you are transformed and equipped to continue in your efforts, your service and your ministries on the Earth with the purity, simplicity and beauty that is your soul's expression.

Because you live on the Earth plane and utilise much of your mental acuity and capacities to deal with everyday life, that sense of progress is stilted and culled by the conditions of your mind overlaid upon the perceptions and experiences of your soul. Yes, it is a difficult scenario, and you must struggle to overcome it. We have encouraged you to do so. Yet you continue to plod along, patient and persistent, seeking out what crumbs of realisations and awakenings that may come to you in a conscious way. What you are perceiving in terms of these experiences and acknowledgements of progress are a very small percentage of what is actually taking place.

So again, I acknowledge your patience and perseverance. It is a difficult world in which you live because the currents of thought and consciousness are directed toward material outcomes. Thus, things that are spiritual, things that are more subtle, that which is of the soul is hardly ever acknowledged in your world. You live in a cross-current against that which is common, that which is a part of your everyday experience. The struggle and the conflict arise from this cross-current, from the conditions that you are subject to, day in and day out. But you continue to struggle, grow and put one step forward seeking to be in greater alignment with all that is of your soul and, in that, all that is of God.

As you continue to struggle toward these goals and these conditions of light, we crowd around you. We are close and we come ever closer depending upon your choices and the condition of the moment. We will continue to do so, for the changing world begins somewhere with someone. It does not happen instantaneously and unfold in some miraculous way without effort, desire, prayer and persistence.

You fill these expectations that we have, being lights, desiring truth, opening your souls to Love and wishing to be awakened by this Love. In this way, you ensure that you have all the support that you require, for it is your dedication, your desire and your efforts that open the door to these things. But you wish for more palpable results. This is understandable. You live in a very palpable world, one where when there is an action, there is a reaction that is often seen and known. Yet all the actions that you take in terms of prayer, efforts to be in the light, to be pure in thought, all these things bring a subtle result, but nothing that is dramatic.

Within you, your mind, is a craving for that which is dramatic, intense and joyful. In time, these things will come upon the heels of your breaking through the barriers of your mind and coming to realise and accept the consciousness of soul as the primary mode of interaction and experience in your life. You are building a power that will break these barriers, that will open your consciousness to these things. But it does take time as you continue to seek this great gift of Love in a somewhat moderate way and term. Though you often pray, the intensity of your longings, your desires, is not so great that these blessings flow in abundantly and often. Rather, it is a trickle, a drop, bit by bit. But even in this, in time, the barriers will be broken, and the transformation will be accomplished.

We are patient with you. Your angel friends are very patient with you and many bright spirits as well continue to uphold you and will continue. Your light grows brighter with each day. The glow in your soul continues to brighten as that drop-by-drop blessing enters within it. Your angel friends speak of faith. Indeed, this is what is necessary for each one of you at this time. Have faith and trust in the process. Have faith and trust in the efforts of your soul to reach its Creator, to be in alignment and to be in the light.

You will find your way, beloved souls. This, I assure you. Our deep desire is that you find your way upon this earthly plane and become that beautiful light that you are meant to be. Are you willing to put in more effort, more time, to seek earnestly that great gift from God and to allow the impediments of the mind to fall away? That you might be cleansed of these remnants of the human condition and see yourselves in the purity of light that is shining within your soul and, indeed, is attempting to shine within all parts of you? As the dear brother has prayed for, to be released from conditions that are not in harmony with the Laws of Love.

These things are coming. They are blessed every day as you continue to open yourselves. Surely you feel a sense of your own progress, that within you there are changes. Within you, a light, an energy, a pressure builds that is a reflection of this great gift of Love. Focus on this, beloved friends. Focus on the light within you. Focus on the great Light of the Creator. Focus on what is meant for each one of you and the journey that God wishes for you to take so that you will be that beautiful channel of love and a part of God's plan to uphold, uplift, heal and embody each soul with love.

You are much further ahead than many. Yet there is a way to go, my friends. You do not travel alone, and we are with you always. Many are with you and you shall see this in time. How blessed you have been and will be as you make this journey. Not singularly, not even as a group, but as a great body of beautiful souls seeking to be a light, seeking to help transform this world with love and truth.

You are my beautiful and blessed friends, lights in the world, instruments of peace, channels of love. This shall be more intense, brighter, purer and beautiful as you continue to grow in the Father’s Love. God bless you, beloved souls. I am Orion and I love you all so much. I love you all, blessed souls. God bless you.
