---
title: "Introduces Himself as Another Guide of Peter's"
menu_title: ""
description: "Introduces Himself as Another Guide of Peter's"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Introduces Himself as Another Guide of Peter's

March 8<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Ancient Gardens Retreat, Eudlo, Queensland, Australia

Matthew received by Al Fike

May the Holy Spirit continue to visit each of you, that you may receive the great gift of God’s Love into your soul. May you open wide to this gift that continues to be given and shall be given for eternal grace and awakening of the soul. I am Matthew. I come to speak to you, my son (P), for I am one of your guides, though you have many, many you are not aware of, those angels that crowd around you and seek to uphold you, you and your dear mate. You are blessed deeply, beloved son, deeply so. As you make your daily dedications beseeching God to receive the gift of His Love, you grow day by day, drop by drop, with this elixir of God’s Soul entering you and collecting within you, creating a beautiful light indeed.

How many on your Earth plane carry such a light? There are few, my son, there are few. So, you are one of the lights, bright and beautiful upon the earthly plane, one that is cherished, one that shall continue to be in service to God. Whether you are aware of this or not, you are in service to God and God utilises your gifts and your desire to be a loving channel in many ways and these opportunities will multiply. Although I know you have traveled much and you have experienced much in your life, there will come a time when you will be focused and powerful as a gifted instrument for God.

Those efforts that you have made in the past will bear great fruit in the future, and that future is coming soon, my beloved and beautiful brother. It is coming soon and you will find that your vision will clear and your capacity to know, to understand God clearly, to want to see and know the angels clearly, will be a gift that you carry. With this, will be the gifts of your dear mate whose gifts will complement and become awakened as you both grow in love, as you both dedicate yourselves in prayer, as you both greet many individuals in love and caring and generosity.

You have a deep humility, my son, and yet the underside of this humility is a sense of unworthiness, a sense of not being enough in the world. This you must put aside. It creeps into your thinking and into your motivations. It is unnecessary, for you are loved and you grow in love. You are being transformed in love and this is what is meant to be. This is who you are, my beloved son, a beautiful light, a beautiful light. Believe this. I know you wish for signs and wonders to help you to understand. Yet, everyday there is a wonderment, there is a gift, there is a sign that will be all that you require to know that your life is blessed, that you live upon the earthly plane in such a way that you are in great harmony with the Laws of Love and great harmony with God’s creation. What more do you need, my son? What more do you need?

Each individual, each soul is unique and their capacity to understand God, to communicate, to commune with God. Therefore, you cannot compare yourself with another. Nor can any of you, my beloveds. For what you are and how you are in the world is a unique creation of God. So, it is more important to accept, to embrace and to love yourself for who you are and what God has created than it is to be gifted in psychic ability and vision and all of those things that you dream of and wish for. These things may come in time and they will come in their unique manifestations, but they are not to be expected. Nor must you put a request to God to say, “I must have this gift. I must know in this way. I must see in this way.” This is not how the soul works. Nor is it why God created the soul. These questions and demands are of the mind. The soul knows already. It is important that you clear away the expectations of the mind and go to your soul. You practice this daily and you are, indeed, making that passageway clear and wide between you, your consciousness and God and His Soul.

It is coming. You are building. You are creating. You are manifesting this relationship that will guide you for all the days of your life upon this world and for countless, infinite days, time in the spirit world and the Celestial Kingdom. You must have patience. I know in your world and your culture, patience is not a common thing. You live in such a fast-paced way. You do not accept the journey trodden upon at a steady pace. You wish to run. You wish to fly. You wish to have a vehicle that will transport you instantaneously to that place of knowing and gratifying the ambitions of your life.

My beloved souls, it is more important to spend that sincere, deep and yearning time with God to receive. For in this way, all things will come in good time. All will be blessed. All will open. As is all too common in your world, you have one foot in the spiritual and one foot in the material. Therefore, depending on which way you lean, which perspective is more powerful or more focused upon, then that is what you perceive, that is your reality. Until you can learn to have both feet within the spiritual, and allow the material to look after itself, then you will be burdened by the ambivalence of your own reality. You will not know the freedom of a soul awakened fully. You will not see with the eyes of your soul or know with the knowings of your soul or feel with the feelings of your soul to the degree that you wish for. For these things cannot happen readily when this duality exists.

It is in this gradual shifting of consciousness that you will find your way to a place of soul awareness. This place of soul consciousness that is powerful and established so firmly that it is and becomes your reality. This is the way of the soul’s awakening. It does not happen instantaneously. It happens gradually, although, you determine the pace. You determine the time. You determine how this may happen. Yet, as you continue to pray and dedicate yourselves in this way, it will happen. It will happen. You will be amazed at the insights and the revelations and blessings, deep and abiding love that shall come to you. You will feel it and know it, perceive it and be truly in alignment with it.

Your soul knows these things. Your soul longs for these things. For it is the yearnings of the soul that bring to you this restlessness, this desire for more. It will come as you continue in your efforts of prayer. There is only one way and the way you have discovered is the way toward soul awakening, blessed by the Father’s Love and awakened by the power of His Touch. All the faculties and gifts within you emerge in subtle ways. The vision is barely open, but yet, at times you feel and know it and you wish for more and more shall come, I assure you. Beloved brothers and sisters, more shall come. It is the law and the law will be obeyed, beloveds, to the very essence of it, it shall be obeyed.

God bless you. I am Matthew. My love is with you all. I wish I could pull you into this consciousness. If I could do so, I would, but I cannot. You have the ultimate power to do so, but it must come as you will it and strive for it and become it. This is how God created you and this is how it has always been. God bless you, beloveds. I love you. I love you so, my beloved friends. 
