---
title: "Instructions for Developing Mediumship Volume II"
menu_title: ""
description: "Instructions for Developing Mediumship Volume II"
date: 2025-03-21 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Instructions for Developing Mediumship Volume II

February 15<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

I am Seretta Kem. We are very happy that you are considering many aspects of the gift of mediumship, communication with us. For the world resides in darkness and ignorance regarding communication with spirits of any type. Some who are gifted in mediumship take the easy road in communicating with lower spirits and suffer the conditions that result from this. It is commendable that you are seeking the high road, seeking communication with the highest of spirits, the Celestial Angels of which, as you well know, I am one.

This form of communication is reliant upon your intention for the highest and the development and nurturance of the beautiful gift that God has to give to your soul, His Essence. This great gift, this blessing, this energy, if you wish to call it this, ignites the faculties that allow you communication. Think of this communication as the flow of light that comes from the Creator of all things and from the Celestial Heavens. This beam of light comes to you because you have drawn it to you with your desire to receive the gift of Divine Love. As this gift grows within you, the light grows and so the attraction grows. The steadiness of this connection, its stability and its power is reliant upon your efforts to keep reaching for the highest and connecting soul to Soul with God. When this is well established within you, then the possibility of communicating with your angelic friends is greatly enhanced and possible.

This communication comes in the form of impressions, visions, feelings, thoughts. They may come sporadically, or they may come continuously. It is dependent upon the gifts of the individual and the development of the gifts within the soul. The Law of Attraction is crucial in this regard and will determine much as to the quality, quantity, depth and breadth of this communication. Once this communication has been established, then the individual may step forward, if their gifts make this possible, to become a medium for us, a way of communicating through you to others. The form that mediumship takes may be unique to the individual or may, indeed, follow the course that you are desiring to follow which is verbal communication utilising the material brain, soul faculties and the psychic capacities of the individual.

For some, this is not an altogether reasonable expectation. For others, it is, indeed, very much in alignment with their gifts. For those who come to this gathering, this development circle, they will find, most readily, where their gifts lie and how they may be used. Just because they are not able to communicate in the way that this medium presently is able to communicate, does not mean that they are not a medium. It merely means that the way that mediumship is utilised and expressed is different. It is for them to find that niche, that place in which they are capable of being utilised by us in the Celestial Kingdom. I would guarantee that everyone will find that, if they are sincere and dedicated and grounded enough within the Truths of Divine Love and wish to express these truths in many ways within their lives and their beings. Greater understanding will be accomplished through this gathering.

The truth about their own gifts and their own level of progression will be revealed through the experiences offered by this group. Some may come away from this experience with the realisation that they need to apply themselves in a way that they become more developed within their soul. This, too, is a valuable lesson and understanding. Others will be greatly surprised by how readily we may speak to them. But the majority will be somewhere in the middle of these two extremes. As it is in your world so often, it will be a struggle. It will require some stress and strain within them, clearing away the barriers, the obstructions, the biases, the dominance of the material mind that hold them back from expressing such a gift, even though it may be within them and may be a powerful gift, indeed.

Yet, with you upon the material plane, the mind is so dominant. It is in control of everyday experiences, and even spiritual experiences, that it is hard to bypass this powerful element within you. I urge those who are coming to practise letting go of your thoughts, allowing the finer qualities within you to emerge and take precedence within your consciousness. In this way, you will prepare yourselves for what you hope to be a successful opening of the gifts of mediumship.

This is just one aspect of preparation, but I will suggest that this is an important beginning. That other aspects will fall into place once the individual is disciplined enough to control the domination of the mind of the conscious self. This will allow the circuit to be complete, where the flow of awareness of our presence, of God’s presence comes with fervent prayer and contemplation. The flow of information, of a message as you call it, cannot truly come without the mind opened and the thoughts cleared away so that the information may flow readily. This may not happen overnight. Indeed, often the first attempts that we may make to communicate through an individual may not be a completely satisfactory expression. Yet, with time and practice and with continued soul growth, the individual may come to speak clearly and concisely.

Just as the examples given to the individual through the various mediums who have been successful, such as this individual and others, these things were not accomplished through them instantaneously. The quality and depth of the messages continue to improve. The flow of information is readily given now through this instrument. Where in the beginning, there were obstructions of doubt, of fear of failure, of wondering who and what was communicating through him. These many unanswered questions in time were answered, and in time comforted the medium and gave this medium more confidence in his gift. This is a very common process. Indeed, I would expect that everyone who awakens to this gift will go through a similar process within themselves.

Doubt is a very powerful mental condition that often holds back any progress regarding mediumship because the individual recognises that these thoughts and words are flowing through the mind, the brain of the individual. Their reflexive response is that they are creating it, that these words are coming from their minds. That these ideas are originating from their storehouse of ideas, memories, etc. Yet often the eloquence of the words and how they have been put together are not reflective of the usual communication practices of the individual. This is an indication that it is not just them communicating. It is a collaboration between us and them.

In time, the individual’s involvement in the process recedes and we have the luxury of greater control of the words given and the flow of information. With some, this is accomplished because their consciousness is not fully awake and the depth of trance that comes to them is deep indeed. They are not aware of the words. They’re not aware even of the process. They think they have fallen asleep and nothing has happened. Yet, the depth of trance does not necessarily dictate the success of mediumship. This form of trance, deep trance, will accelerate the process, as there is little to hold us back from communicating. Yet, we communicate well through this individual that I’m speaking through at the moment, yet he is fully aware of the communication. He is awake.

You see, it is not important or necessary to have a full and deep trance to communicate. It is determined by the individual and each one is unique, and the level or depth of the trance is unique to that individual. Do not judge yourselves, beloved friends, regarding this gift. You will come together to merely understand what this gift entails. Our hope is that each one will have the experience of it and will carry away a deeper understanding of what it is and how it may be expressed through that individual.

Yes, there is much to learn, and we will communicate much in the time that we are together. My hope is to give you a taste. A bit of understanding and something to reflect upon before you come together would be beneficial and would help you to contemplate what it is you are entering into and, as we’ve asked you previously, why are you entering this form of development. Of course, everyone is curious about this form of communication, but it must go beyond curiosity. It must resonate within the individual to such a degree that they feel compelled to explore this avenue, this gift.

I hope each one of you has within the depth of this desire to develop such a beautiful gift for God. That it is done in service and service alone, not for the benefit and accumulating acknowledgement and praise from others, nor material benefit. To do so as service to God, to do so because your heart is compelled to walk this path of service. To do so because with faith, you know that God will utilise you and provide the ways and means that you may be utilised, not only within your local circles but others around the world.

This is the possibility, and you may be asked to travel and to be available to be used in this way, to help those who begin their journey, to help those who need reassurance and education and to be utilised as a channel for blessings for others. There are many ways you may be utilised. Of course, you may be utilised in many ways without the gift of mediumship. We have seen through the years that there is great curiosity about mediumship, and it draws those who are curious forward. Then we may communicate the Truths of God’s love, plant those seeds, and reach out to many. We have asked for more mediums to be developed so that a great network can be established around the world, and that your gifts may be utilised in a harmonious and appropriate way that will bring to your life a new purpose, a new blessing, an opening of a new gift.

May you be blessed, beloved souls, with the possibilities that God has laid within your soul and being, realised and awakened with His Love. I am your friend, Seretta Kem. I am pleased to speak to you all and to be with you in this way. We continue with our lessons and our communications. Our love is with each one of you, with those who are willing to take the risk, to take the plunge into greater experiences, openings and awakenings of your true self, blessed by God. God bless you. I love you all. God bless you.
