---
title: "Watches Over Parkin House"
menu_title: ""
description: "Watches Over Parkin House"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Watches Over Parkin House

September 29<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Eastern United States Soul Awakening Tour, Marmora, ON, Canada

Mary received by Elizabeth Mack

I bring to you my blessings, my love and my protection. I am Mary, the mother of Jesus and one who watches over this establishment. I am joyful to be with you as you prepare to go your separate ways. I come to tell you, you may call upon me whenever you desire to know the truth, to feel the love, to feel protection. I am here for you. Assigned if you will, to this service on behalf of God. For you will bring many here and touch their lives. You may also upon occasion bring forward a special Celestial Angel to help you heal those souls who are the true children of the Heavenly Father who possess this special gift of Divine Love.

You will be serving many different souls who come here. They will be blessed in accordance with their desires and in accordance with the Will of God, for those are the laws given, created by our Creator. In all of this, you will progress. You will progress along your own paths, in your own individual ways as God intended. So, be open, dear children. Be open to those who come through those doors seeking assistance, love and help. Be beneficent in your giving. Be charitable with your love. Keep your hearts open and allow the Father’s Love to come into your souls and the Father’s healing energy to come through you that you may help all who come here, all who come here.

I am your protector of this place and I thank you for the opportunity of being such. But remember, God is who we serve. I am merely one of His children, as are you. Please call upon me at any time, any moment, in any situation that you feel the need, the desire, the question within yourselves. I am Mary and my love is with each one of you and the Father’s Love is available to each one of you. God’s blessings are upon you. May you be open to receive all that God has to give to you. God bless you and may the light shine brightly upon you and on this place of service.
