---
title: "You Serve Heaven and Earth"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Serve Heaven and Earth"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Serve Heaven and Earth

June 30<sup>th</sup>, 2024

DL Mediumship Program, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Maureen Cardoso

Lotus flower, petal by petal and I come for you, my dear (Sarojini), dear child, who sits next to me whose heart is pure who desires to share kindness and love to all, who is strong, yet tender, who is loving and open, continue to deepen in the way that you desire to be at-one with God, to be guided by God and to allow your life to be a blossoming of all the petals of the flower of your soul.

You have a great lineage of women who walk with you, who are learning with you, who are growing with you, who bring their love and their support to you. It is not only here on Earth that you affect, my daughter. Those in spirit watch you. They are pleased to follow you here for they, too, are learning much about receiving God’s Love, awakening and continuing their service in the spirit world. So you serve Heaven and serve Earth. What more could one ask for? As your soul continues to grow in God’s Love, blessings will multiply. Your strength will intensify. Your bonds will multiply. Allow us to be close to you and to guide you. For in that, those in the heavens and those on Earth, flow with you, follow you and learn from you.

Continue to spread the love that is within you as you do. Your strength is also required for it comes with the gift of love and what empowers your giving is the love that is within you, the Love of God working through you. We stand with you, beside you, all around you. You are precious to us, dear one, very precious. God bless you. I am Mary. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you all for our love is deep and flows endlessly nurturing the beautiful children on Earth, caring deeply for each one of you. God bless you.
