---
title: "Addresses The Journey of the Soul"
menu_title: ""
description: "Addresses The Journey of the Soul"
date: 2025-03-25 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Addresses The Journey of the Soul

August 13<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Love Boat Tour, Alaska, USA

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike 

Blessings to you, my friends. I am Seretta Kem and I wish to talk about the power of the mind to affect your reality and condition since you have concerns for one of your beautiful Divine Love brothers and that state of being that he is in. You wish to pray for him and to uplift him and I encourage you to do so. He, like so many, is caught in a trap of mindful construction. His state of mind like so many, in fact the vast majority upon this world, are in alignment with the reality that humanity has created for itself. Thus, creating great pain, confusion and error. For humanity has the power to construct its own reality, to create feelings and conditions, understanding, even a certain concept of truth that reflects the condition of the mind, the power of the mind to create these conditions.

With each of you upon this world are often trapped within the paradigm of the human condition and reality. What you see, feel, hear and know is very much a reflection of that paradigm. Thus, we encourage you to go into your soul where a completely different reality exists. This is why it is difficult for you to submerge yourself into soul reality. It contradicts what the mind has created. It is a challenge to what the mind wants and thinks it knows. Thus, your sense of truth is very much coloured by the reality of your mental condition and conditioning. Pure truth is not known except by the soul awakened by love. All else is merely a reflection of a collaboration between mindful perceptions and soulful perceptions. At times, you may dive deep and have revelations of the soul that allow you to see clearly the reality of God and the reality of God’s creation. Yet, most often, what you see is an amalgam of both realities. Thus, the truth becomes distorted.

Your understanding of truth is merely a reflection of mindful biases and soulful desires, often contradicting one another, creating a discomfort within your perceived reality. yet each of you, including our dear brother who is distressed, has a clear desire to go to the soul and discover the reality of the soul. This great sojourn, a journey towards soul, for those who are dedicated to the truth of the Divine Love is of the utmost importance and focus. All else is merely a dim reflection of the reality of God.

I do not mean to denigrate your perceptions and your ideas of things but merely to help you to understand that the truth will come in gradations of understanding as you build within you through prayer and desire to receive the great love of God, the reality of the soul and the reality of God. As you grow in the Divine Love, so the faculties of your soul are awakened and thus, the capacity and ability to understand and to perceive, even to feel the reality of God is strengthened, opened and clarified. Until you come to truly know your soul, acknowledge your soul in ways that bring its reality forward at will, then you will be subject to the condition of your mind which is a product of the human condition. You will not know clear truth. You will not feel that freedom, joy, and expansiveness that comes with the soul awakened. Yes, these things will come to some degree but will be shrouded by the reality of the mind.

This road toward the soul is not an easy one. It requires great integrity and a great desire to look clearly at your own patterns of behavior and thought and your own desires for that which is comfortable and amenable to your mind. Truth stands free and unencumbered in the reality of God. It does not stand in such a way as to make an individual comfortable, creating a sense of empowerment of the mind. This is the truth that many speak of, but it is merely the reflection of many paradigms collected by them through their life experience. Many archetypes and ideas that have been collected by humanity over eons of time continue to live in your minds, for you have inherited these things. They are merely dim reflections of the truth and thus, you cannot trust the mind solely as your source of truth.

You must be humble, gracious, steadfast, prayerful and clear in your desires to put aside the old archetypes of truth and embrace that which is truth that stands alone and, in the light, and is powerful, bringing wondrous insights into the meaning and purpose of life. It brings great depth of understanding into your own being and your own relationship with the great Creator of all. For now, you have primarily your mind to help you along the road. When you are in such a state of mind that you think of the highest and you desire harmony, peace, goodwill and love to live within your consciousness and to live as an expression of your being, then you come closer to the truth of the soul. The mind will not obstruct as much as those who are so deeply embedded within the material consciousness, the human condition. It is for you to be aware, conscious and considerate of your state of mind. Considering the biases, conditions, fears, and prejudices, things within you that exist that are not of love, that are not of the soul.

Each of you knows your soul well enough to be able to distinguish between these two conditions. When you find yourself in a state that is, what you call negative, then you know that it is your mind that is active and controlling your condition, your state of being. It is your responsibility to corral that condition and to change it with attitude and thought. For thought is a powerful thing. God gave you a mind and the ability to think and project thoughts for a reason. Unfortunately, obtaining a balance between the mind and the soul has long been rejected by humanity. Yet, you have come to reclaim your birthright, the birthright of the soul in predominance with the mind.

This is the state of being that we desire to encourage and to nurture within you. We will do all that we can to do so. Yet, the mind is a stubborn thing. It resists, it avoids, it wants what it wants. Many of you often allow this domination and allow the mind to have what it wants. You hold yourself in this stasis, this condition that often is neutral and in the light of darkness. It is a place of grayness so that you are stuck. You are suspended in this state, and this is the normal state of human condition. But it is for you, my beloved friends, to move beyond that state and to be aware when you are in that state so that you might encourage, discipline and insist upon being within that state of harmony with the soul and the perceptions, feelings, desires of the soul set forth as the predominant condition.

It is a matter of attitude and desire. Choosing and implementing that state, that condition of soulfulness if you are to reach a plane of reality, a condition within you that is predominated by the soul. You will not lose your mind. For your mind is necessary in this material world. The mind will find its place in harmony with the soul as your soul finds its place in harmony with God. All these things within you, all those aspects that God has created that make up your being will be in harmony and light, will be at peace and know joy, will be filled with wisdom, perception and capacity to be a clear and beautiful channel of God’s Love in the world.

See yourself within the process of transforming from the human condition of mind to that part of you that has been blessed by God, that of the soul in harmony, in light, filled with God’s Love having reached that state, subject to your desire, will and effort to be in that state. It does take a great deal of effort, beloved souls. It takes much time, application of the truths in order to be in that place of harmony with God, harmony with your own true self. My beloved and beautiful friends, there is yet so much to be accomplished within you and there is so much work waiting for you once you have come to that place. For then you must teach others how to be in that place of grace, of love, of harmony, of peace. It shall come to each one of you. Our desire is that it comes to you while you live on this earthly plane and are in harmony with God and God’s plan for you and for the salvation of humanity. That you might be a living breathing example of the truth of the soul and the predominance of the soul, living through you and expressing itself in your life.

May you be blessed, my beautiful friends. I am Seretta Kem. I come with an important message, one that needs to be considered, studied and applied in your life. My love is with you, beautiful, beautiful children of God, who seek for the highest and seek for the truth. May you find what you seek. May it come to you in torrents of awareness, understanding and joy. God bless you, beloved friends. God bless you.
