---
title: "Stand Firm"
menu_title: ""
description: "Stand Firm"
date: 2025-04-02 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Stand Firm

October 12<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

May the blessings of the Father's Love continue to pour into your souls, my friends. I am Orion and I encourage you to stand firm. Stand firm in the truth as you know it. Stand firm in the light as you are. Stand firm in your efforts to reach our Creator. Stand firm in the faith you have in your present journey and the future that is to come. Stand firm in all things that are of light and all that you have been taught, shown and experienced. For as you stand firm in these things, the influence and conditions of the world around you will not have an effect that will take you away from your faithful practice of seeking out God and being with the Creator in all things. For this is required of you, my friends.

I am not saying that you must reject all that you are curious about and that you see as truth but may be contrary to what you have been taught. For these things need your experience and your decision as to whether they are true or not. Without testing the truth, it remains merely a concept in your mind. Yet, that which you know to be true you must be firm, consistent and willing to put that ahead of all other ideas and perceptions of what truth is. Many of you have walked this path for several years.

There is no need for speculation for you have, through your experiences, your prayers and your commitment, come clear about what the truth is. For the truth is simple. It does not require endless investigation and understanding. The truth is a practical thing. It encourages you to apply it in all things. In its simplicity and power, it must be the cornerstone of your life's perspective and efforts. In this way, you become formidable in your light individually and powerful together.

As you stand firm together supporting one another, the Creator will continue to bless you, my friends. The flow of His Love is not curtailed but strengthens. It is your capacity to receive and to be in alignment with it that I encourage you to be consistent and to be relentless in your pursuit of this gift. For without this gift fueling your perceptions and understanding of truth, then it does indeed merely become a matter of speculation, of mindful musings, of ideas coming and going as you encounter the world. But when you encounter God, know God and receive the gifts that God has to give to you, then the truth of this knowing and experiencing this relationship that blossoms in love continues to grow and widen your perspective, and bring to you a deeper understanding of truth, a more powerful connection with truth, so that you are firm in your stance and you are ready to be God's true, pure and bright instruments in the world. This is what is required of you, beloved souls.

I do not say anything that is new to you. I merely wish to reinforce and remind you that in order to be successful with these ambitions, with manifestations, with the channel of light, love and blessings that must come through you, you must stand firm, be consistent and not be distracted by the ways of the world, the minds and the mental conditions of the world, which continue to speculate, which continue to add their distractions and often the error that comes with it. It is important to be clear and true to your path and your way. As simple as it might be, it is the highest. It is the most powerful. It is the way that you have chosen. It is the journey that you have made thus far. It is a journey that will not end, but continues to unfold in all its beauty, light and harmony.

May you know that beautiful peace of God, that beautiful condition that is God's Touch. It is the cornerstone of all life in the universe that seeks harmony, that seeks peace. It must be yours, beloved friends. It must be yours. Blessings to you, my friends. I am Orion and I love you, as you know. I am with you, as you know, and so is God, always. God bless you.
