---
title: "Journey and Struggle to Soul Consciousness"
menu_title: ""
description: "Journey and Struggle to Soul Consciousness"
date: 2025-04-15 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Journey and Struggle to Soul Consciousness

June 8<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Friends, I am Orion. I wish to elaborate more upon the three centres of consciousness that exist within you. Since we do not come from your world and our reality is quite different from yours, we find it quite interesting to observe how your consciousness has been segmented into three parts.

The most obvious part is that of your mental capacities, your mind centre shall we call it. Indeed, this active and powerful part of your reality on Earth has become the way in which you come to know the world and know yourself. You have been trained to do this from an early age. Indeed, the common consensus in your society is that it is the only reality. It is the one great reality that is honoured and rewarded when one is well-versed within it, articulate and capable of mental feats of logic, etcetera, applying these things to your daily life.

Behind this consciousness is the intuition, the spirit mind that continues to inform the material mind, although it is not well recognised. It is considered an inferior consciousness in your world. Those who feel much, intuit much, perceive much from this level of consciousness, are considered outliers and are not acknowledged very greatly in your society. Yet, there are many intuitives, psychics, those who have gifts that reflect this centre of consciousness. Indeed, they have spent much time developing this part of themselves and feel that they have entered into a higher world, shall we say, a higher consciousness, and indeed they have. Yet, it is the consciousness of soul that we are engaging within as we come together. This is reflective in our prayers, desires and efforts together.

Rather than separating these parts of ourselves, we wish to integrate them. We wish to have soul consciousness as the predominant consciousness. This is, indeed, a very rare focus and desire. It comes because you have discovered something incredibly powerful. That blessing, that gift that comes from the Creator of all, His Divine Love, as you call it. Indeed, love is the activating agent. As you empower your soul through this process, then the consciousness of the soul becomes more evident in your awareness. It is often fleeting and it is often confusing.

When one enters into soul consciousness and comes into levels of revelation and understanding that comes within that consciousness, there is a sense that it is not real or imagined, or lacks validity because it does not correlate with your material consciousness. It is something that many have trouble trusting. Indeed, a common reaction is wondering whether the individual is going insane. For the sanity, the reality of the soul consciousness is very different from that of the material.

This is where the spirit mind can help the individual come to reconcile consciousness of soul. It is like a bridge, an intermediary between soul consciousness and material consciousness. It feels and intuits its way through from that which is so very much a part of you in the material to that which is so extraordinary and nonmaterial. Yet, the goal and the ultimate expression of your being and self will be, in time, the integration of all three of these centres of consciousness. For they were never meant to be three. Because humanity rejected the possibility of one consciousness brought about by the development of the soul in the way that you are well familiar with, the result was this schism of consciousness.

You would be surprised to know that when humanity devolved into very basic creatures with very basic consciousness, that it was the intuitive that was more prevalent than the intellectual. Humanity devolved into this middle ground and then not that long ago, my friends, in the history of humanity, there was a switch, a shift toward the intellectual. This is how you find yourselves today, or many of you do, to be in that centre of consciousness. Indeed, commonly in your society, the intuitive is not trusted. For it is considered a basic form of consciousness, one that is erratic and cannot be relied upon. The power of logic is what most revere and you are contradicting that common idea by what you are doing together in this circle and in other circles.

When you feel, when you allow yourself to feel, intuit and perceive from that middle ground of consciousness, you are helping to pave the way for a higher level than this, that of the soul. This is what we encourage you toward, my beautiful friends. For as we have told you and you have a sense of, that these three levels of consciousness will in time merge together. There will be a great integration of awareness that will make for you a profound change, a shift in how you are in the world, how you perceive the world and how you perceive yourself in the world, as well as how you perceive your Creator. That relationship with your loving God will grow exponentially, will deepen profoundly, as you awaken to the potentials and possibilities of soul reclaimed and transformed by Love.

You are on this road, each one of you, securely upon this road. Yet, through this little dialogue that I am giving to you today, I wish to remind you of what this road entails. Indeed, you may feel some trepidation going beyond that of the reliable and steadfast consciousness of the mind, material mind, to something that is very different and something that is and can be a glorious experience. I urge you not to segment your consciousness. That indeed, it is important that it be a fluid thing that travels between these three levels of awareness. Do not get stuck in one, but make all three into one.

I know this is difficult in a world such as yours. I know you become less and less a part of the common consciousness of humanity, what we call the human condition. But indeed, it is important that you move beyond this, for humanity must move beyond this common consciousness. Humanity must grow, expand in their consciousness. You have found the way and means to do this. Yet, even you are often caught up in the demands of the material and neglect your efforts, soulful efforts, to be in that blissful consciousness that incorporates your consciousness and God, consciousness of the great Soul. But you try and you make an effort. At times you are successful and at times you are not. At times, as fluidity takes hold and you have multiple experiences, you feel yourself riding upon a wave of beautiful awareness and light, love and joy. Then there are times when there is a dry period, one which brings you back to what many call reality. This is often the case because of the conditions of your world and the choices that you make, those subtle, subtle choices that you make daily, those mindful conditions that you create daily.

It is important to be aware. It is also important to be disciplined in your thoughts. Indeed, when you reach that middle ground of the intuitive, that you direct that consciousness toward the soul rather than rest within that, content to have a somewhat acceptable experience in life that involves your emotions, intuition and psychic perceptions, all of these things that are a part of this consciousness, feeling that you have reached a pinnacle. Indeed, you have. Yet, as I have been speaking of, there is more, much more. It is important to reach beyond that place, to build to that higher place. To keep going, doing so with focused awareness, attention and effort in the way that you have been taught, to be in alignment with your soul, your soul in alignment with God. In this way, you will be adept at your capacity to reach God at will, to reach that level of soul at will. When you are capable of doing this at will, then you will be a powerful example and teacher for others.

It is important that you realise that the journey has many steps, many phases. We understand this. Your angel friends understand this, for they have experienced this for themselves. We, who have never experienced these stages because of where we live and how we have lived, find it fascinating to see how humanity has acclimatised itself to conditions that we find to be repulsive, difficult, painful, erroneous and irrelevant. Yet, you have adjusted as have every soul who is capable of functioning on your planet. So, you are in this difficult condition and yet, often you do not realise it. For in your ability to adjust and acclimatise, you have not allowed yourself to be sensitive enough, aware enough, to realise the horrors of your life. Rather, you stuff your consciousness with pleasure and distractions. You correlate your mind toward certain goals and things that are important, at least important in the material sense. Thus, the sensitised awareness that even comes with the intuitive mind, is often pushed back into the background. Thus, you segment your consciousness in order to survive in this dark world of yours. We understand this. We understand why you do this.

Indeed, I have made comments that we could not survive in your world as it is, a living horror. For when you live in your soul, the depth and dimensions of soul consciousness will give you the insight and experience of the true condition of your material world. You must be strong enough, blessed in love to such a degree, that you will learn detachment as well as insight. That you will be loving, and that love will flow from you and through you, rather than the material mind being in a state of horror with the insights that you glean with your souls’ consciousness.

Yes, it is a formidable task and it is a formidable journey to travel from the material consciousness to that of the soul. You are making concerted efforts, my beloved friends. This we have great admiration for. For the strength that you carry, your capacity to understand and to make efforts and leaps forward, continue to amaze us. Indeed, it is the power of the Creator’s Love that gives you the impetus, the strength and the insight. We urge you to continue to pray for this gift Trust, trust in the soul. Trust in the spirit. In this trust, infuse the material consciousness with the consciousness of both soul and spirit so that you may be on your way to complete integration, the merging of these separated consciousnesses that was never meant to be.

I think I have said enough today and I thank you for listening to me. I hope this helps you and others who listen and read this message to understand the journey and the struggle to reach soul consciousness and to truly be within that consciousness in a way that is comfortable and desirable. Blessings to you, my friends. I am Orion. My love and appreciation for each of you is great, beautiful souls of light struggling, struggling for that which is of greater light and consciousness. You will find your way. You will, indeed. Blessings to you. Love to you.
