---
title: "Healing is an Integral Part of Receiving Divine Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Healing is an Integral Part of Receiving Divine Love"
date: 2025-03-25 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Healing is an Integral Part of Receiving Divine Love

October 24<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Chicago, IL, USA

Luke received by Elizabeth Mack

I am Luke. I am Luke the physician. Healing is an integral part of receiving Divine Love. For any soul who receives this gift, there is a healing that is accomplished to a greater or lesser extent depending upon the person’s desires. So when you pray for healings for another, open your own souls wide and desire a great healing for yourselves and for all whom you pray for and allow this healing energy to come to you and touch those souls for whom you pray. It is best of course if they are open to receiving a healing. So be aware, that with the Divine Love, there is no time and space. There is love and all that love brings and the healings may not occur at the moment you pray for them but as soon as that soul is open, that soul will receive a healing. So pray also that they be open to receive from the Creator, as you often do, for all the blessings that any given soul may receive.

Your brothers and sisters upon the Earth are in need of great healings, many, many, many of them. So do pray for them to be open and to receive these healings. These prayers will not go unanswered. They will be answered at a time when the soul is ready to receive. This is a great work that you do every time you pray for healings for these souls and we do hope that you will continue to pray often for the people upon the Earth to receive these healings and for them to be open to receive them if even in their sleep states. Continue on with your work. You are blessed with each soul that you pray for, you also are blessed. May God give you the strength, the willingness, the drive to continue along this path that, at times, is very challenging for people upon the Earth. May God bless you and allow His Love to pour into your souls as it flows mightily at this time. God bless you all. I am Luke the physician and my love is with you. There are many here who are praying with you and loving you simultaneously. God bless you.
