---
title: "Big Shoes to Fill - Personal for Matt"
menu_title: ""
description: "Big Shoes to Fill - Personal for Matt"
date: 2025-04-08 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Big Shoes to Fill - Personal for Matt

July 1<sup>st</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Christine received by Al Fike

I am Christine. I come to speak to my friend of his continued development. He does not feel me so close these days, but I am still involved. You are on a very intensive program of development. Thus, it required you to do what you have done to readjust your life, recalibrate your focus and ambitions in order to facilitate this program. This program will be felt by you in such a way that different waves of spirits and star friends will be working on you, adding their expertise and their upliftment as you continue to develop within your soul. What is important at the moment, is that you continue to pray intensely so that the empowerment of Divine Love will help facilitate what is happening on all levels of your being.

No time is wasted with you, my friend. That is the way you prefer it, I know. Must get to the end goal, which in some regards is feasible. In others, we cannot get to the end goal, for the end goal is way in the future of your existence. But we will make great headway. Great headway, indeed. We will help you to have insights. We will help you to develop your gifts and express them in the world. We will help in many ways. Indeed, we are very pleased with the progress made so far. For you are a good subject. You are not distracted. You do not disbelieve or put aside what has been given. You are eager to know. You are eager to be engaged in this process. Thus, you make a very good subject indeed. One that is unusually focused and eager.

Time is coming for your visual experiences and dreams to switch to something more palpable in your conscious state. You will be able to see us and see what we are doing to assist you on your road’s progression, the awakening and opening of your soul. As you continue to seek the Father’s Love, as you call it, then you will grow exponentially. You will awaken many areas of soul expression and capacity. The lights will be turned on, as you might say. You will be astounded as to what your soul is and capable of, for the great Creator of all has put within you a myriad of gifts and capacities. A very complex instrument that God may utilise in diverse ways as you continue on to seek how you might serve humanity and serve God.

Indeed, the next few years will produce great changes within you. Many perspectives that you have had for a long time will change and metamorphose into something quite amazing and different. Your capacity to bring high level information and to teach others about the soul as you learn about the soul yourself, will make you a very powerful instrument, a beautiful channel for God so that humanity might learn about themselves and their capacities on many different levels. All the training that you have received over the years is leading to this fulfilment of your purpose and the awakening of your gifts.

You are correct to surmise that over the years your soul has grown in Divine Love, even though you did not have the language that you do now to understand it. Your soul knew. Your soul responded to God and God responded to you. Is it not an amazing thing that each individual comes to God in their own way? That the plan, the unfoldment of their journey toward soul is unique. That the amount of awakening, the amount of Love that pours into your soul and that which ignites your soul is very much determined by the individual’s focus and ability to stay with God and not be distracted by the material conditions that are so powerful in your Earth.

Like so many others in the universe, we have learned to put love first and foremost. For love is that energy, elixir, igniter of all things that are a part of God’s creation, what God has implanted in every soul in the universe. If you are to discover these things, you must have the key ingredient that will open up the awareness and enliven the capacities of the soul and most importantly, bring that soul in relationship with God, the Creator.

We were very intrigued by what is happening in your world, great movement and flux of the conditions of your world, how many souls are responding, seeking and wanting to be in harmony within themselves and with the world. Yet, the world is so overshadowed by erroneous belief. It is difficult to find your way toward truth in its simple and pure form. Your minds are so engaged in many different ideas, complex paradigms of thought, assumptions and biases layered in with feelings, fears and uncertainties that it is, indeed, a difficult journey toward truth and clarity, toward love and peace. So, you have drawn into your world many forces, beautiful lights that are assisting you to clear away the debris of error and to bring to you a clear understanding of truth.

The great plan is being instigated at this time upon your planet and we are very happy to be a part of that plan, a part of what the great Creator has meant for your world. To bring humanity into the fold of beings that are, to a degree, realised within their soul, fulfilled within their soul and developed within their soul so that they may be the leaders, they may help their brothers and sisters find their way. For without individuals such as yourselves, how can humanity be reached? They are very blind and unable to see beyond the material perspective. All of the biases and conditions that I speak of continue to cloak their capacity to understand and be aware of truth. Yet, if you are able to manifest and demonstrate truth, then who would argue with you? Many will be intrigued. Many will be frightened. Many will judge. But many will join you in your crusade for truth.

In this great effort, you will have tremendous support from us and many, many others. If you could see the depth and breadth of the forces aligned to bring light and truth to the world, you would be astounded by the numbers and the quality, the amount of light, wisdom and love that is arraigned around the Earth to bring healing, harmony and balance. To bring humanity to a place where rather than struggle and fight with one another, fighting for resources, fearful of not having enough, fearful of many things, they will find peace. They will find a new way of fulfilling their needs and to some degree, their desires. In this new way, there will be harmony. There will be an awakening of capacities within the soul that are at this time very much misunderstood and for many, unacknowledged. There will come a time of revelations. Much of humanity will be astounded by these revelations and understandings.

We come to help you to understand the science of the soul and the science of creation. This is our forte. We have put our perceptions and our soul development, awakening and expansion into terms that are what you would call scientific understanding. Details, formulas and mathematics that help those who are sceptical to come to realise that there is a science of the soul. A science of understanding the whole individual, their person, their body, their spirit, their soul, their consciousness in ways and terms that can be recorded and scientifically verified.

My dear friend, you will be a part of this movement. You will have what you call downloads of information that you will record and understand. The formulas will be given. The perceptions will come. Because you understand the emotions and language of the soul so well, you will be able to speak both languages, scientific and spiritual, thus being a great bridge for humanity. Since the vast majority of your brothers and sisters are attuned to material explanations, physical and scientific perceptions and perspectives, this is why we have been engaged with you, my son. Because we see in you a beautiful gift that allows the perception of both perspectives and gives to you, empowers within you, the capacity to explain to the layman or the scientist, to the doctor or the theologian, concepts and ideas in language that they can understand and yet not drifting away from the truth in all its simplicity. For as you are well aware, the world is very much layered. Indeed, humanity has only discovered very limited layers of understanding the makeup of the world. You will help them to come to other layers, other aspects of God’s creation in language and ways and means that they can understand and verify.

Though this may be surprising to you, my beloved brother, your missions, your beautiful ministry, will have much of these understandings and approaches as part of what you will share with others. Too many are sceptical about that which they cannot see or understand. You will help to ameliorate this scepticism. Help them to come to a clearer understanding of these aspects of their own being in creation in such a way that they are reassured, comforted and excited by the prospect of greater discovery in scientific explorations that will include and honour the capacities of the soul. Thus, you will help many to awaken to the perceptions of the soul. In this awakening, they may amalgamate these perceptions with material perceptions and bring about a new science. A new understanding and approach that will bring humanity to a deeper level, more expansive understanding of how the universe operates.

We and others of your star friends will also be involved at some point to help humanity understand their true nature and their true destiny. Their destiny to join us in a great family of souls, individuals that God has blessed with a soul and to join in the creative and expressive opportunities that the material life provides for every soul. Yet, there is so much ignorance about what soul is and what soul can do that first and foremost, there must be a step-by-step teachings of soul capacities and what soul truly is within the individual.

We engage you all in this great venture to help awaken humanity to the true nature of creation, to the true nature of who they are, in different ways and approaches so that many will be able to understand. Your world is so diverse. Even amongst cultures there is great diversity and approaches and levels of understanding of many things. So, we must utilise these conditions and this reality in order to approach and to inspire many in your world and in your cultures to come to a higher level of understanding, a greater capacity for truth and to inspire them toward understanding how love, the Love of the Creator brings about truth in all its wonders and depth and breadth.

So, we are embarking on a great journey together, are we not? Embarking on many efforts and ventures to provide humanity with a way and means of understanding basic truth and more complex truth. Thus, you have come together to support one another and to learn from one another. This is all part of God’s plan. Many other aspects of this plan will unfold accordingly, depending upon the receptivity and capacity for your brothers and sisters to engage in what is a tremendous effort and plan to assist humanity to rise to another level of existence and reality.

I thank you for listening to me today. My dear friend, we are close. Shall continue to be so. All the days of your life on Earth, we will have this relationship, this continued exploration of your capacities, abilities and gifts, a development of many things within you. I am dedicated to this development and I know that you are. So, we will continue. I am who you call Christine. I am happy to be in your life and to assist you toward the life that is meant to be for you and your family, and for others.

May you be blessed in the truth and the wonderment of the great gift that is God’s Love, His Essence flowing into your soul. In this, all that we do and all that you are, will come to fruition and expression in many different ways, along many different paths. In this fulfilment of your purpose, you will know a great joy and sense of satisfaction that you did not live your life asleep and reject the opportunities that God has laid before you. Instead, you have embraced, and diligently so, all that has been laid at your feet. May you continue to do so, my beloved brother.

May you all continue to grow in the great gift of the Father’s Love. God bless you, beloved friends. Brothers and sisters of Earth, we are close and we wish to embrace you and join with you in the great reverie of awakening the beautiful gifts that come with soul ignited in love and all these things within the harmony and structure of God’s plan and intention for His beloved children, all of us souls created by the beloved Creator. Blessings to you, my friends. Blessings and love. Peace and joy. Knowledge comes, too. But first comes love. God bless you.
