---
title: "Endorses and Encourages Efforts Being Made by Estonia Circle of Light"
menu_title: "Jesus Endorses and Encourages Efforts Being Made by Estonia Circle of Light"
date: 2024-11-19 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Endorses and Encourages Efforts Being Made by Estonia Circle of Light 

August 29<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 

May the truth of the Father’s Love reside within your heart, in your soul, in your mind. I come. I am your brother and friend. I am Jesus. I come to acknowledge each one of you. For the work that you do is work that shall reverberate through centuries. You are my disciples. You carry the word of truth to many, and you will continue to carry this truth to many, many souls. Your humble beginnings and humble efforts will multiply, for God has blessed them. In God’s blessing upon them, the angels are working diligently to help multiply the power and the truth of these messages to many other souls. So many angels are working in the background, helping to influence and guide people to these truths as they are broadcast in many different ways. 

Continue in your efforts, beloveds. Continue to seek the Love of God within your soul. For in that blessing will come deep and powerful inspiration and blessings to assist you in your work. I am with you. I am with each one of you in your efforts. I consider you my true friends, as you are harbingers of truth to your generations, to your time. It is important to reiterate and to share these messages to others and this truth to others in your time and in your way. God does not restrict the ways and means that this may be done. Indeed, many channels of communication have been opened. I urge you to utilise what is available to you, my beloved brothers and sisters. 

Indeed, because of these blessings and technologies, you are able to reach many through them. I endorse your efforts in this regard. It is the word, the conveyance of love, the light, the truth that is given sincerely and clearly to others that is important at this time so that individuals that may hear this, will have the choice to follow the teachings of love or not to follow. What is crucial is that the opportunity to know these truths is given to as many souls as possible. For it is a choice and it is given freely by God. With these blessings so profound for the soul, you are entrusted in being the messengers, being the channels, being the disciples of this truth to be broadcast to humanity around the world. 

We work diligently, beloved souls, to ensure that as many may hear these messages, may hear this truth as is possible. As you saturate the wires, as you bring forth the truth in creative and beautiful ways, this great blessing of truth fans out into the world through all the hues and colours, ways and means that are possible. This is part of God’s plan to bless those who are seeking, to bring the possibility of truth to those who are yearning for truth, to show the way towards how the power of prayer can bring God into your heart. God who is personal, loving, forgiving and gracious. With His Love, the redemption of the soul is possible. With the power of His gift of Love, the transformation of consciousness and of soul is given freely. You must convey this opportunity and this truth to as many as possible.

Indeed, each of you work diligently to do so. You dedicate yourselves in many ways, taking great time and effort to this work. Thus, you become my disciples. You become my friends. You are God’s true children who are working within the framework of God’s plan for the salvation of humanity. Take seriously your efforts, for they are the greatest efforts you will make in your life. These are the highest and greatest of opportunities given to you. Indeed, when you feel inspired to move forward with some effort and project, put your full self in dedication toward the fruition of these efforts. As you do so, you will be blessed.

Do you not feel the blessings that come when you are doing God’s work? Do you not know the fulfilment of a soul joyful in the effort, in the expenditure of time and energies toward these works that are laid before you? More and more work will reveal itself as you continue to progress upon the paths that are leading toward greater work and effort. As you continue, the fulfilment of your soul will be felt. As you continue to receive the great gift of God’s Love, the wisdom within you will grow and the creativity and the capacity to use the gifts that God has given you to express and to reach out to many souls the truth of His Love. You are true to my work and my efforts. You are true to your soul’s longing to serve God. You are true to God’s desires to have instruments upon the world to bring this truth forward in all its beauty, glory, simplicity and power.

My beloved and beautiful friends, know that I am close. That I shall, indeed, come ever closer as you grow in the Father’s Love, as you dedicate more of yourselves toward these efforts, as you desire to have the angels close to you and God’s Hand firmly upon you. You will feel the benefits of this desire and the resulting efforts that come from this desire. You will be uplifted. You will know the joy of service, the joy of truth, the joy of fulfilment of the soul expressing its purpose, its gifts in the world. You will be a lantern, a light, a beacon for many to come to know the choice that is given by God, a choice given freely, a choice powerful and life changing, a choice that brings fulfilment. You, my beloved brethren, are the examples. You shall share with the joy of your soul and the wisdom that comes, all that is true, all that is in alignment with God. You shall be that servant of God and you shall know that your time spent in service shall be mightily blessed. 

My beloveds, we are one and the same upon the path. We shall continue together as one in the great efforts that lie ahead, the work that beckons us forward. We shall be one. The light and blessings will be powerful upon many through the instrumentality that God has set forth in motion upon the world. It shall unfold in all its power and glory, all its mystery and fulfilment, all its truth and love. God bless you, beloved souls. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. Indeed, I am with you in your efforts, always. God bless you in His Love. The truth is shining through, the light bright. God bless you. 