---
title: "It’s Now Time to Receive Your Own Guidance"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion says It’s Now Time to Receive Your Own Guidancet"
date: 2025-01-23 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# It’s Now Time to Receive Your Own Guidance

October 19<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 

I wish to speak about the ways in which you receive guidance, the quality of that reception and the experience of receiving guidance. It is the easiest way, for you to sit back and hear me speak through this instrument and bring about various concepts and truths spoken through him. We are happy to do so and, indeed, you seem happy to listen. Yet, this is only one way in which we wish to reach you, to connect and to communicate. This way of communication is somewhat two-dimensional, for it involves utilising the brain of the instrument, the words that are appropriate and the information that can be given through this means. You have come to rely upon this often and yet, there are more dimensions to communication than this.

When you sit in prayer, when you sit in quiet contemplation, there are times when you may receive guidance that we may label as three-dimensional, for it involves more than just the wording and mindful information given. It can involve feelings, visions and sensibilities of the soul that may fill in the picture with more detail and more understanding than what is given at this moment. We would encourage this, for is it not time to open your soul faculties of communication? For they exist within you, surely, with the amount of Love and the Essence of the Creator within you. These centres of communication have been awakened to a degree. What is important is that you have faith in these things. Often, your minds have a certain perspective and expectation that precludes your own personal experience with us.

It is easier to have an individual such as this to communicate with you as an instrument. It puts aside any fear of miscalculation or misinformation that might come through utilising and relying upon your own abilities to communicate with us in a deeply personal and clear way. Yet, you have spoken of Earth changes coming and how this form of communication, how you gather together with certain technologies that may not be available to you. If you are not practised at communication with us, then how will you fill this void? How will you come to connect?

Of course, you must make a focus of connecting with your Creator, Soul to soul. This is most important. Yet, guidance often comes from the ways that I have indicated and it requires sensitivity. It requires practice and a true desire to open up these faculties. Have you prepared yourself, my beloved friends? Or are your experiences with communication segmented by time spent upon this technology and mediums designated to bring the flow of information to you? It is understandable that you would be reliant upon this rhythm and flow of communication that has been established. It has been given freely and lovingly to each of you. The opportunity to listen is available to you and we do not begrudge this in any way. We wish to communicate in whatever fashion is possible.

Yet, as you mature, as you become more developed within, as you see the results of our efforts to help you develop, the results of your efforts to develop and the results of God’s blessings in your development, is it not time to step further along the path and be somewhat more independent? Certainly, in this way, whatever communication may come through these means that are available at the moment can be verified by your own ways of communication. This would be a good first step. Seek this verification through your prayers. Ask if there is more to be given to you, because no one instrument is able to communicate everything, unless that communication is very simple. Each of you is capable of receiving yet more elements, more pieces to the puzzle that will help expand and deepen the information that is to be given and you may also share that information with others as you receive it.

It is important that as you seek to be an instrument of Divine Will and plan, so that your sensibilities, your gifts, can be opened. It requires your efforts, your desire and your time for this to happen. Indeed, as your faith grows within that deep trust in your own abilities and your own gifts, then this opens the door to what might come to you individually. The ways and means that communication may happen with each of you are unique to each one. Some have greater faculties in the way of receiving visions and what you call downloads of information. Others may receive words, may hear us speaking to them clair-audiently. Others have deep feelings, deep senses, sensibility toward what they are thinking and, in this way, confirming by these feeling senses that it is either true or false.

There are many ways, my friends. These are only a few. Yet, when they are combined together in your own personal experience and your own personal communication, then they make for a beautiful tableau of experience, of learning and of guidance. So, we encourage you who have set upon this path for a number of years, some of you many years, to step ahead, to step forward and experiment. Seek out communication. Put this as a desire within you and be intrigued, be expectant, be open to what might come. As with any faculty, any ability, it starts out somewhat rudimentary in its form and in time becomes more sophisticated, deepened and more expansive in its expression.

It is for you to work upon these things, not just in a gathering such as this, which is short and has its purpose, but in your daily life. For do you not wish to be guided daily? Do you not wish to be open to the influence and blessings of your stellar friends, angel friends and bright spirits to help you along your life’s path? For those who are attuned in this way are close to God. God’s guidance shall come in its own way and form, which may indeed take the avenue of communication with us.

Whatever means and ways that you are able to communicate is extremely beneficial. It belies a maturity of the soul where the faculties, rather than be ignored and with lack of use wither, but will be enlivened, awakened and utilised in a powerful and effective way, helping you in your life and helping others in theirs. Seek this way, for it is the way of the soul, not the way of the mind. Although the mind is always involved in this world of yours. Indeed, as you grow in your capacity to communicate with us, the mind will have less influence and editing in how and what will come. The soul will have yet another expression, another way to be free and active within your consciousness.

So much can be given to each of you. You are all gifted. I urge you to use your gifts, to exercise them, to practise them and to have faith in them. It is time, my friends, to grow up, to not be spoon-fed, as we have done so often. To find the strength within yourself, rather than looking to others to be your strength or your channel to bring guidance to you. Indeed, the time grows short and you must be readied. This is but one way in which you will be ready, my beloved friends. You will be ready and we will ensure that you are ready, but you also must play your part and exercise your free will, your desire to be in that place of readiness, to have within you the breadth and depth of knowing, to be able to be guided through life, to be connected to God in a powerful and meaningful way, a conscious way.

It is all consciousness, my beloved friends. Consciousness of the soul is what we endeavour to nurture and encourage. We are together in this environment of nurturing and love, acknowledging each of you for who you are, your unique selves, beautiful and of light. The light grows within you and the light shall continue to expand within you until it is so bright and beautiful that many will benefit from the warmth and the expression of it in your world.

May you be blessed, beloved and beautiful friends of the truth. May you walk in light and wisdom and be informed with each day, guided, protected and utilised as a clear and powerful channel for light in the world. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and, once again, I speak to you of things that are important, things that pertain to your soul, things that are a blessing and a challenge. So we continue, so we continue, my friends. Blessings to you. My love is with you, always.