---
title: "Jesus is My Yogi"
menu_title: ""
description: "Yogananda says Jesus is My Yogi"
date: 2025-01-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Jesus is My Yogi

September 20<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Poughkeepsie, N.Y. U.S.A.

Received by Al Fike 

Hello, my friends, I am Yogananda. Since you have mentioned me in your conversations, I thought I would pop by and be with you and speak of a few things that might be helpful for you to understand the conversations that you have been having. I came from a long tradition of eastern philosophies and ideals. Since I grew up in the country of India, it would be inevitable that I would come out of these traditions and have the ideas impressed upon me from various teachers and yogis that I encountered. I was very fortunate to encounter these wonderful teachers and to have the experiences that came with these encounters. I learned much and I understood much about the process of spiritual enlightenment.

Then, as I grew and became my own person, I decided and was guided to go to America, the place where you now reside. This was a great leap of faith for me, to wander the highways and byways of this country of yours and to come to understand the workings and attitudes of its people, very different from my own, a very different lifestyle, a very different set of beliefs. I was to some a novelty and to others a pariah because of what I taught. I taught what I had learned. I taught what I experienced and practised, and I taught often. This was my calling, to teach, to demonstrate the truth as I knew it. I spent many years here helping others to understand from the perspective of the east and I grew from being a novelty to being recognised as a valuable teacher of eastern philosophy. 

I understood the power of love, to a degree. That understanding, in many respects, was an understanding of what my friend here has called natural love. Indeed, I had a purity of love within me that was strong and beautiful. This drew many acolytes to my feet. I was happy to teach of this love and how to purify it, how to make it strong and beautiful. So my progression as a teacher continued to grow and widen in perspective. I read and studied the teachings of Jesus and other great spiritual leaders and added some of these philosophies into my own. But primarily I taught the yogic traditions of which I had come from. 

When I entered the spirit world, as you can imagine, the perspective was very different. I was of a light and pure character at the time, so I progressed into the Fourth Sphere of spirit and experienced all the delights and wonders of that sphere. Indeed because of those whom I was drawn to and the conditions and level of the Fourth Sphere that I resided within because of the Law of Attraction, my beliefs and philosophies were reinforced and strengthened by those around me. I had a deep belief that I would reincarnate and probably soon, for I had much work to do on Earth because my efforts were not finished. 

So I waited and I waited. Although in your years it was not long compared to how many others have waited for this gift of reincarnation. But in the waiting, I became restless and I began to seek others who might teach me how to become a better yogi, a better teacher. In time, I came across some beautiful spirits who told me about Divine Love. Ah, a new philosophy, a new perspective, one that I did not catch in the teachings of the Bible or other places where I sought to find truth. But here were some beautiful souls, humble, loving, bright, who shared with me their journeys and their philosophy, their understanding of God, which in many respects was quite different from my own. 

So I began to follow them and to practise what they had taught me, such a simple prayer to receive this gift of Divine Love from the Creator of all. Indeed much of my teachings were about love, but this teaching was of a different love, a different way to love. 

I was fascinated by this experience, of which I had many, as I continued to pray for this gift. In time, I progressed into the Fifth Sphere and it was all love. It was all God touching the soul, awakening the soul in this great gift of love. But my inclinations of the mind continued to direct me toward the Sixth Sphere, which was quite different from the Fifth, certainly brighter in light. Those who were there, those I met, including my own condition, were bright, beautiful, harmonious and wonderful.

Yet in time, I began to yearn for this other gift of which I was taught and became aware of. So I demoted myself so to speak. I went back to the Fifth Sphere, which is lower in vibration than the Sixth. But there, as I continued to grow and progress in my soul and my Divine Love, Father continued to bring to me His gift of Love. I progressed in time into the Seventh Sphere, one which indeed was the gateway to Heaven, the true Heaven. I was gloriously happy in this condition and in this love. I began to see how different was my original philosophy and perspective from that of this love and its perspective. I began to shed these ideas. My mind was being influenced heavily by love, by the Divine Love, by what was happening within my soul consciousness. I became transformed and enlivened by this gift. 

In time I was able to enter into the Celestial Kingdom, a kingdom, a condition, an energy, a vibration that was far above the Sixth Sphere. Though many who I encountered in the Sixth claimed that there was no higher sphere available to humanity. In a way, they were right. For when you receive this gift of Divine Love, you do not continue to become human. You become more than human. You become changed and that which was human endeavour, characteristics and thought is transformed into something closer to the Divine. Thus I found great joy in my endeavours, in my progress. I was happy to release my old thoughts, my old ways and perspectives. I was overjoyed to realise that I would need not reincarnate upon the Earth plane. That there were other ways to communicate with Earth people, such as what I am doing today. There are ways to bring light, blessings and love to many in the spirit world and the earthly plane. 

I continue to progress in this beautiful Kingdom of Love. I am gloriously happy. I do not want anything more than love and yet, with this love comes great knowledge and understanding of the universe. So, my endeavours for greater spiritual progression continue within these realms. I have everything. Everything I would ever want is within this Kingdom of Love. I am so happy that I made the choice, that I continue to walk the track, the trail of love that brings me closer to God, closer to myself. I see myself flourishing, expressing in many different ways my gifts, my true longings to be creative and loving. The resources in this Heaven are boundless and abundant.  How beautiful it is I cannot describe. But I have a desire to progress further and that desire will be realised as I continue to seek the great Love of God, this Essence that is infinite and shall abide within me for eternity and will grow within me for that eternal time and progress. 

I hope that this has been helpful. My desire is to clarify my journey to others because many have read my writings and my ideas and they expound them. They believe them and they are attracted to them. I want them to know that their journey upon the material world will end quickly, for life on this world is but a brief moment. But the journey in the spirit world may go on for many, many, many years, and life in the Celestial world will go on for eternity. So I urge them to consider their options, consider that maybe the truth they learn on Earth is limited and it is brought to them by those who have limited perspectives. 

The only one that I know who walked the Earth and brought the simple but infinite truth of love is my beloved brother, Jesus. He is exalted in Heaven, higher than any of us, progressed further than any of us. For he continues to utilise the truth that he discovered so many years ago on Earth, and carries this perspective and this practice of prayer for God’s Love into the untold and unknown realms of the Kingdom of God, the Kingdom of Love. He is my yogi and I am happy to have discovered truly who he is and what he represents. What a blessing it is to know this truth.

Blessings to you, my friends. Continue on your journey of discovery of truth. I, along with many others, will attempt to uphold you, to guide you and to love you, to bring our light around you. For there is no greater service than to love another who continues to search and seek out the truth and to love another who is downtrodden and has feelings of hopelessness. They do not know what to desire, what to expect. They lack understanding. They lack perspective. 

Our desire is to help them claim understanding and perspective and to choose truth, truth that will help them to grow and progress along life’s path. There are many opportunities to serve, my friends. I am happy to take up the call and to be with you and others. I am Yogananda and my love for you is great. Beautiful, seeking souls, may you continue on your journey of seeking truth, seeking light and seeking love. God bless you. God bless you, my friends. My love is with you. Thank you. 