---
title: "Law of Progression"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion speaks on the Law of Progression"
date: 2024-06-04 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Law of Progression 

January 27<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 



God bless you, my friends. It is your old friend, Orion. Yes, I might call myself your old friend since we have known each other for a while now and have communicated in this way on many occasions. I wish to address certain communications and ideas that are floating around in the consciousness of men at this time regarding the transition and transgression of souls into various dimensions. I will not go into detail as to describe these ideas but I wish to comment upon them.

There is nothing in the universe that creates instant transformation. There is no force, no celestial body, no energy as you would call it that can accomplish this. There are most certainly energies and forces in the universe that will encourage and direct the souls of humanity. When I say souls of humanity I mean all of humanity in the universe, toward transformation and shifts of consciousness and all manner of change that can happen, a potential change within the universe. These things do not come about instantaneously. They are not realised by some wave of God’s hand that says, *“you shall be this now and shall progress from your present condition to something that I as God has deemed necessary and important.”* 

Indeed God’s laws of creation are designed for continuous progression and yet, that progression does not happen as an instantaneous shift from, shall I say, one consciousness to another or one state of being to another. This contradicts the laws of progression. The laws of progression state that when effort and input is given to a soul’s journey in life, whether that be in physical life or spiritual life, then progress is made and God always gives time for that progression to be integrated and accepted within the consciousness of the individual. The individual must strive towards progression. It is not given without any effort made by the individual. This in the material world and the spiritual world is not realised without effort made, without the individual applying themselves toward progress. You understand this with the concept and journey of receiving the Divine Love of God and how this transforms the soul. Although with enough effort and desire, there can be great progress made within an instant. Yet that progress is never complete because the journey is never complete. 

You all understand in your own life, how you have journeyed step by step towards greater light and understanding of truth and receiving greater portions of God’s Love within your soul. This is a good example of how the forces of the Divine work in the universe. The opportunity, the possibility is presented to the individual. Firstly the individual must choose to accept the invitation, the blessing and then seek to embrace it as truth and to live it as truth. It requiers a day by day effort to attain higher progress, progress in the greater light and come into greater harmony with God’s laws, greater harmony with love. 

Yet God provides many resources, blessings to help the individual in their progress. None of you would be here today without the efforts made by those in the past, those who forged those links, that chain of truth so that you may know it. In the spirit world, the many thousands upon thousands of bright spirits and angels and even we, from other planets, have applied our light and our efforts to help you and to uplift you. This does not mean that you are instantaneously healed, transformed and blessed. But it does mean that you have a greater opportunity, that the forces that are against this correction of progress are held at bay by the efforts of many. 

When you pray, you draw the bright spirits and angels and stellar friends to you and you, to some degree, are aware of this. Yet you see for yourselves that the progress of awareness, the level of understanding and perception and integration, in your mind is a slow process, a gradual one. Yet in many respects in comparison to your brothers and sisters who move upon the earthly plane and the spirit world, this progress is swift. It will help you to seek out light in the spirit world when your time comes to live there. You will see the extent of your progress when that time comes. 

Often now you do not see or feel or acknowledge a great leap forward into light and yet each of you has made this leap. It is evident within your soul and those of us with the perception to see this acknowledge this. Do you not see yourself upon a long journey which is accomplished step by step. You do not climb the mountain without exertion. You cannot surmount the obstacles within you without effort, prayer, blessings, application, introspection, many aspects of yourself applied towards eliminating those blockages and conditions that keep you from the light, from God, from truth.

I do not mean to belabour this for you know all of these things. I merely wish to lay out the situation that is an integral part of creation. Spiritual progression is not attained instantaneously. Transformation of your material world cannot happen by one integral shift. It happens as the result of many shifts and many blessings that are given to this world and that are pouring upon this world at this very moment. The power of these blessings, energies are not such that one aspect of it will instantaneously change all that govern your world, all things, all laws, all that is part of your world. 

You may wish for this extraordinary gift and blessing and shift to happen so that you may sidestep all the effort and work that must be done in order to accomplish this. This is indeed a human desire, a wish to have instantaneously the gratification of  great spiritual attainment. But this cannot be. For if you were some beautiful flower that grew in the semi-darkness of a shaded garden and set out into the bright sun, you would wither and fade. God cannot put within you instantaneous progress.

As I have said, you may through some extraordinary circumstances receive a great inflowing of Divine Love, thereby changing your soul in an instantaneous way, but this does not mean you do not need to make the effort to integrate and adjust to these changes. The light within your soul would brighten but the conditions that you carry, the mindset that you have, the aspects of your being that are so entrenched in the material ways of this world of yours will all have to adjust to this new light and often this adjustment is not easy nor comfortable. Even in these circumstances, you will not attain instantaneous progression and enlightenment by some outside force that is God-given and blessed. 

Yet you are upon the road of progression and so is the earth and there are great changes coming, as we have said. But these changes are not instantaneous and these changes, especially in the way of the material world, will not be pleasant. For the earth itself is adjusting and protecting itself from the evil ways of men. The ways and means that the Earth has at its disposal to protect itself, to adjust and to heal are not particularly in harmony with the will and efforts of men upon the Earth. These changes may seem harsh and a punishment to humanity. Yet humanity with all its resources and abilities will in time, adjust and come into harmony with this new world, this world that has been healed and in greater harmony, not the healing and harmony that has been accomplished by some fiat of God in an instantaneous way but harmony that comes with great adjustments. I say that in this, oceans will rise. Mountains will be levelled. Planets will change dramatically. Many things will happen and they will seem instantaneous, but not one thing in particular will change everything. There will be many aspects of change for your world that will culminate in greater harmony in time.

Do you not see this with your own inner world of certain circumstances and conditions that you have lived within have caused great turmoil and change within you, an adjustment that was not welcomed but was necessary to make? This too, reflects the way of humanity to apply itself in the material world and in the spiritual sense. Even the great gift of God’s Love, though is intended to be harmonious and uplifting and a blessing, can bring disharmonious conditions within yourself as your mindset, your ways and efforts in the world must adjust accordingly. This adjustment may take many years or a few minutes. But it must be accomplished in order to move forward.

Without the integration and adjustment then the next steps upon the journey cannot be made readily, though certain aspects of your being may indeed continue to change as you continue to pray for the blessing of God’s Love. But this blessing causes friction within your being. For the result of these blessings causes the soul to assert itself and to apply itself into your consciousness and your being in such a way that those aspects of your being and consciousness that are not in harmony with love must be healed or eradicated. Thus, the tension grows within you and builds until for some of you in some circumstances there comes a great upheaval, a great discontent, even disillusionment. As you deal with these conditions, as you become aware of them, as you continue to pray for help to adjust and to be in harmony with what is meant to be within you, then you obtain the strength and the desire to make the effort to adjust and to integrate and to be in greater harmony within yourself.

You see God’s laws apply to every aspect of the universe. God’s laws are immutable. God’s laws are consistent. God’s laws continue to apply to you and to all aspects of creation. As time propels you forward and you continue to grow and contemplate, integrate and become a greater light, then you begin to see how the workings of God’s creation are in harmony, that His laws continue to work accordingly. You will see these things with greater vision, deeper insight and understanding. At times, they will be revelations. 

At other times you will have those moments of awareness and at other times in introspection, you will see as you look along your past experiences in life how God has guided you forward and how you’ve grown in perception and understanding. Many blessings come to you, my friends and many blessings can come to you in an instant but the outcomes of these blessings do not often come instantaneously in your conscious self. They require your effort to see, feel, understand, accept, embrace and love. These are the higher laws of the universe and you are exploring them, coming to understand them and to be in harmony with them. And so you shall, my friends. For we are here to help you. 

Many are here to help you and will, as you continue to progress upon the journey, step by step, moment by moment. So you will progress in light, in truth, in love, in wisdom, in strength, perception. Many things, many ways will unfold within you. May you be blessed, my friends. I am Orion and glad to speak to you once again. My love is with you, beloved souls. My love is with you. God’s love is with you always. Blessings to you. God bless you.