---
title: "Mediumship Retreat Q&A"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem answers Mediumship Retreat Q&A"
date: 2024-07-29 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Mediumship Retreat Q&A

June 29<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 


Children, I am Seretta Kem. As for my promise, I am here to answer questions and to elaborate on various truths and conditions that you are curious about. May we begin, beloved daughter?

*Thank you, Seretta Kem. The first question is, under what conditions do you use an intermediary medium in the spirit world to channel through a medium on Earth and do you expect to use an intermediary working with our group?*

There are various intermediaries or purpose and function of intermediaries in a group. All of you sitting here in circle are intermediaries, for you help to bolster the conditions and energies so that the medium may speak. Thus, you are intermediaries. Then there are many attending spirits who are intermediaries involved in the same process. At times, a gifted medium from the spirit world may help to clear the channel, so to speak, of what a Celestial Angel may say through a channel who resides on the Earth plane.

These types of intermediaries are not used often, but there are conditions and situations where it is most helpful. When there are segments of information and teachings that are somewhat complicated, then an intermediary medium is helpful to assist in bringing details through. For often that intermediary is not a Celestial Spirit, but one who is well-versed in Divine Love and is along the path of entering into the Celestial Kingdom at some point, but has a specialised knowledge of what it is that we wish to convey through a medium on Earth. Because their condition, their position in the spirit world is closer to that of the material world than we are, it is helpful to utilise that instrument to bring forth messages that are somewhat complex, especially messages that touch on material truths. So, this has happened on occasion with this medium and with others.

I believe the crux of your question is, in the beginning of the individual’s development as a medium, is this a common practice? I would say it is more common in the beginning than it is later on when the medium is further developed. We do not utilise this as a matter of course in this development stage, but we will utilise an intermediary at times in order to, shall we say, experiment with that medium and see how well and how receptive they are to this sort of channelling, as you call it. So, it is not a hard and fast rule that intermediaries are used as mediums to help bolster the capacity of the material medium in this world of yours. It has been utilised and it is something that is available to us. 

There are many in the spirit world who would be happy to assist in this way. There are many gifted individuals who can, indeed, make for a powerful channel to bolster the gifts of the medium on Earth. But if we utilise this process often, then the medium on Earth would become dependent upon this and would not develop further because of this dependency. Or, at least it would inhibit the process and the abilities of the medium to widen and lengthen in scope. I hope this answers your question. 

*Thank you, yes. The next question is, when I am waking up but not yet in my material body, the environment is very bright. Is that because a Celestial Angel is with me and my feelings before re-entry are much lighter than when I re-enter? Are these feelings indicative of my condition or of simply being out of my body?*

They are both. As you have been told often, each of you enters into the spirit world in your sleep state, or at least in a portion of that sleep state that is deep. In entering the spirit world, you enter into higher planes and often planes that demonstrate the level of your own development, soul development and condition. Indeed, if you are dedicated to receiving Divine Love and growing in that Love, dedicated to being a light and growing in that light, dedicated in disciplining your thoughts and your desires, etc., then you enter into a higher sphere that is of light.

Each individual has with them guides, mentors, spirits and angels who are assisting them. We surround you constantly. We protect you. You are very precious to us. So, when you come to that state of wakefulness, at times you will be aware of the light around you. You may also be aware of the condition that you have entered into in your sleep state and are now coming into the material world. So, that residue of light may be with you in your consciousness. But also, you are surrounded in light by the very fact that your spirit friends and angel friends are close. That state of being, that condition of awareness that is not quite sleep and not quite awake, is more receptive in the psychic ways, in the ways of your spirit body and that awareness conveys this experience. Then, as the question indicates, when there is an alignment between your spirit body and your physical body, you sense that it feels heavier because your spirit body is not so heavy, not so burdened by the flesh. So, that transition between one to the other could be quite marked in your experience. 

You are not vulnerable in this state, for you are well taken care of, my beloved and beautiful friends. We take great care to ensure that your experience, certainly within your spirit body and those experiences around the ability of your spirit body to perceive things, is regulated and protected by us. So, there is nothing to fear. Indeed, these experiences could be quite intriguing, but there is nothing that is seriously out of alignment or  makes you vulnerable in this experience. Some of you are more attuned to this than others. Some experience wakefulness as merely a very quick transition between sleep state and material state. Indeed, each of you are unique and each of you will experience these things in your own unique ways. Is it not a wonderful verification and gives you an insight into the difference between your spirit body consciousness and that of the material. It is a blessing, indeed. May we move on to the next question?

*Yes, thank you. The next question is, how were we chosen to be here for this training and development?*

As you all know, you are being observed twenty-four hours a day, every moment of your life. You have spirits and angels close. Our vigil is constant. With those of us who are in the Celestial Kingdom, our perception of you is deep and wide in scope. We are able to see many things about you, able to understand many of the challenges that you have in your life, able to recognise soul development and awakening and the level thereof, able to see your gifts and the gifts of your soul. You are, indeed, an open book to each one of us. 

With this understanding and knowledge of each of you, we make decisions accordingly. Indeed, we have stated recently that there is a great need for more mediums such as this individual and those in this circle who are developed as mediums. There is a great need for more. How will your circles expand without individuals who are perceptive, who are more attuned and in alignment with us as we continue to guide and assist you on the earthly plane and to utilise you as instruments and channels in the world? 

I know that your idea of mediumship tends to identify this gift as a reflection of those who are bringing forth messages, but that is only one aspect of mediumship. Mediumship has many aspects. Each of you have the capacity to be a medium at any given moment, to bring through energies and blessings, healings and insights at any given moment. You are here together to help each other and to be helped by us to open more fully to these gifts and capacities that exist within you. Each of you are at a stage,and in a state that it is beneficial so that you are more awakened and cognizant of your gifts. 

Some of you are, indeed, gifted as a medium like this medium. Some of you have other gifts that are more suited to your individual gifts. You cannot place a value on one person’s gifts compared to another. This is erroneous and irrelevant. It is important for you to place a value on your own potential and gifts. Explore them. Be aware of them. Encourage them in your life. We have brought you together so that you may come to understand yourself and understand one another, to appreciate and love one another. Appreciate the differences. Appreciate the quality of the gifts, the depth of and the breadth of the gifts that each one possesses. 

These gifts were given to you by God. They were also given to you, to some degree, by your parents and ancestry. For you have inherited various capacities and abilities that have a physical quality to them. When these qualities are ignited by the great gift of Divine Love entering into your soul and glowing and influencing all parts of your being, then you are ready to step forward in development. Rather than being inhibited or coming to a state of nonbelief or doubt about your gifts, we have brought you here to encourage you and to show you what those gifts are and how they may be utilised. 

The more dedicated you are to contemplating and observing what is within you, those capacities and abilities that reside within you, your unique self, then there is a greater possibility that you will become aware. That this awareness may be ignited in your consciousness and you may come to understand what these gifts are, how they may be utilised, how you may use them in your life. Indeed, our wish is that as you engage in this beautiful Circle of Light, that you do not segment your consciousness in such a way that when you leave this circle you are putting aside this curiosity and desire to learn and understand those deep qualities within you. That indeed, every moment you are thinking and considering what it is that lies within you, those secrets that are there. 

They are only secrets because you have not allowed yourself to uncover them and to accept them. They continue to be hidden because of your attitudes and the way you live your life. Our wish is that as you uncover these secrets, that you will look at the way you enshroud these gifts in biases and thought conditions that do not allow you to see them in their pristine state and do not allow you to express them clearly. Each of you have inklings of these parts of yourself, but rarely do you give them credence. You, at times, are frightened by them or are distrustful of them. Because they are so much a part of you, you believe that your mind has conjured up these ideas about yourself. Thus, the vicious cycle of disbelief, doubt and judgement continue to circle within your consciousness and create for you the dilemmas that you carry, and create for you your inability to accept and to explore in the innocence, and curiosity that you possess. 

Many of you feel unworthy. That you are unable and not good enough, as you would say, to carry these gifts and to express them. For you see others with certain gifts and you wish to be like them. When you realise that you are not like them, then you tend to reject yourself as being imperfect and unable to express the Will of God through you, through your gifts. This, again, contributes to the vicious cycle within your mind. You are all worthy, beloved souls. You are all uniquely gifted. You are all capable of expressing these gifts. 

Certainly, the beginning of that expression may be somewhat meagre and your capacity to understand them and to nurture them along may reflect the meagreness of your attitude toward them. Yet, in time if you are willing and you desire, not what you think you should have and be, but what you are, then these things will unfold. You see, the buds within you, those gifts, are green. Not even the colour showing of the beautiful flower that lies within that beautiful potential that is you. In time, as you nurture these gifts, that green bud turns into a bud with beautiful colour, possibly tight together in its petals. And, in time, as you love yourself, as you seek the Love of God, as you seek to nurture your true self, then the buds will unfold into flowers that are so beautiful that it would make you weep. Indeed, within you are these beautiful flowers waiting. Waiting for the warmth of love to awaken them and for your recognition of them as you honour them, as you love them. 

Be your true selves, beloved souls. Do not inhibit, restrict and judge. Be your true selves. Even with the beginnings of that recognition there might come a vulnerability, even a sadness because of the length of time you have restricted yourselves in this unfolding and opening. But this will pass. You will find joy in the discovery, the awakening that will come as you continue to honour your souls, as you continue to forge a relationship between your soul and God’s Soul, as you continue to see ever more clearly what lies within you as your soul awakens and develops in love. With the gifts of your soul coming alive. In this, joy bursts forth. A sense of freedom, a sense of expansion because you have not restricted your soul, but have allowed it to burst forth in all its glory and wonder. Thank you, beloveds. 

*Thank you, Seretta Kem. The next question has two parts. Please explain the role of a battery for a medium. Is this an action undertaken by another individual in the circle?*

Indeed, as I have explained, as intermediaries you are batteries. You are bringing the energies of your being. The light of your being, the conditions that you carry, even your thoughts, you bring them into the circle. You contribute them to the whole of the circle. We call them Circles of Light. Indeed when you enter into a circle such as this, you must bring your light. You must bring a purity of intention, thought and desire. You must bring yourself into the circle and contributing with your prayers to God. *“May I be utilised as His instrument in this circle?”* If all is in harmony, then a great light is formed, for you add to it. Your angel friends add to it and the many intermediaries around you add to it until that light grows and grows and the power of that light circulates and circulates. The power creates a flow of energy that assists us, assists the medium, assists each of you as you are blended together in this circulation of light. 

The concept of being utilized as a battery is a limited idea of what you are doing here. But it is a portion of it. You are adding your energy to the circle. Indeed at the stage that you are in together, this is a very rudimentary concept and understanding, a very rudimentary truth. Who you are, you bring into the circle. What you exhibit, the condition that you are in, is added to the circle. Whether that is contrary or complementary, it is added into the circle. Some of you, at times, feel downtrodden and sad, conditions that are difficult for you. But you are uplifted by those beside you who are joyful and in the light. So, you benefit as well.

It is not that we expect each individual to be perfect, perfectly attuned and perfectly free of all conditions that are not of the light, but we encourage you towards this condition.. Indeed, you carry a responsibility to bring in those conditions as best you can. To prepare yourselves to be open to the possibilities of what can be exhibited, what can be manifest in a circle such as this. We work together. We are with you, as I say, so that with every moment of your existence you are chaperoned by angels and bright spirits. We are there to protect you, although you have free will and you may bring in dark energies and forces in accordance with your choices, desires and thoughts. You are mature enough now that you are not a victim of these things. Rather,  you are responsible for these things. You must monitor your own condition and thoughts each and every day, for each and every day has different conditions. 

There is something that is akin to weather patterns of energies and thoughts on your world. Some dark fronts come in and affect everyone within your cities and areas. This you must guard against. Then God may bring in light forces to help ameliorate these dark conditions.  Be attuned to these as well. To be responsible for yourself and the condition you bring into this circle is to be aware of the conditions all around you every day. Each and every day that you exist upon this planet, for the conditions are varied, indeed. They are often very difficult. You must be vigilant in your prayers. You must be vigilant in your thoughts. You must be vigilant about who is around you and how you respond to those around you.

It is a difficult path to be an instrument of God, a channel for God’s Love and blessings for others. It requires a great deal of strength, effort and responsibility. Indeed, coming together as you are today is the easiest of these situations. It is where you receive the most comfort and the most upliftment because you are gathered together for a purpose and a clarity of desire and a blessing from God upon what you are doing together. Thus, we are able to come close. A dispensation that is given by God to brighten the field, the arena in which you sit, the portal that is given is powerful, indeed. The individuals that gather close from spirit are beautiful and of great light and purity. 

How blessed you are, my beloved friends. How blessed you are to have this, to be together in this. Drink in every moment like a thirsty man who walks the desert. For indeed, how many opportunities like this are there in your life? Come together with eagerness and singleness of purpose and desire. If you wish to be what you call a battery, then indeed, come with these conditions and desires fully within you and expressed by you as you love one another and honour one another. Continue to pray together and seek greater development of the soul, of your gifts, of yourself. What is your further question, dear daughter?

*Thank you, Seretta Kem. Thinking of coming Earth changes, are mediumistic abilities enhanced, diminished during cosmic or geological events? For example, CME’s, earthquakes, equinoxes, the weakening of Earth’s magnetic field?*

If you are asking, do these material effects have an enhancement upon your soul condition and gifts, my answer is no, but every condition that is manifest on the earthly plane has an effect, often detrimental upon these gifts or at least the expression of these gifts. The condition that you build within your soul that is the result of God’s blessings and our intervention and ministry upon your soul and your being may be somewhat diminished by detrimental conditions, especially if they are very traumatic and very powerful. You are then challenged by these conditions. Indeed, these conditions bring to you an invitation to be of faith, to operate in good faith that God will provide, protect and guide you. Your mind, of course, is very much influenced by these conditions, but your soul continues to be bright. The Love that God has placed within, that light is never diminished, beloved souls, is never diminished. It may be covered over by your fear and the conditions of your mind that are reacting to the trauma at hand. Indeed, as you pray and go to God, God will help you to uncloak these dark conditions, these fears and to be robust in light and in peace. 

Yes there are Earth changes coming. Indeed as we have said at times, some of these changes are a result of God’s blessings upon the Earth. Those blessings from God, you will benefit from greatly. Indeed, if you are an active agent of God in times of crisis and difficulty, gifts may manifest more readily because there is a need for them and God is blessing, opening the way for you to manifest these gifts. In this opening, we are close and help you to manifest these gifts. You have many gifts you are not aware of. Gifts that can be manifest at this very moment, but we do not choose to manifest them now, for what is the purpose? Other than to merely reassure you and to entertain you in the idea that you have certain gifts and expression of them. But are they useful at the moment, other than this? 

We utilise you very often and certainly we have utilised this circle in many ways. We have touched many of your brethren through this circle as they pray with you, as they long to be a part of this. Indeed, they benefit from your efforts. So, the individual must be patient and have great faith, for faith is a strength. It allows the Will of God to manifest through you. Indeed, as you have faith in the Will of God and His expression through you, you are not inhibiting the process or what is to come. You are allowing without judgement or expectation what is to come. Indeed, you sidestep your own mindful expectations and distorted thoughts. In their place come peace, innocence and trust in the Will of God. 

Do not allow yourselves to be entangled in your mindful expectations of your instrumentality. This is folly and it inhibits the expression of your gifts. It inhibits the direction that you must go in order to nurture and develop those gifts so that they may be a powerful and clear expression of your being. Be at peace, my beloved friends. Be at peace and know that God has you well in hand and that your life will unfold in accordance to the Will of God, if you allow it. If you walk within that flow, the river of His Love and Will, you will walk in harmony and peace and much will manifest through you. You will become that beautiful instrument. Not the instrument you imagine, but the instrument that you are and this will come slowly. I know many of you are impatient. Some of you want to rush ahead, but it will come in its good time. The blessings and flow of your abilities will unfold as you adjust, as you integrate and accept all those beautiful, beautiful gifts that will flower forth within you and through you. Thank you.

*Thank you, Seretta Kem. The next question is, I experienced continuous repetitive physical movement of my head during prayer and was told to “bear with us” when I wondered about it and felt compelled to let it continue. When I intentionally stopped for a moment, I got that it was related to building rapport. I know others experience continuous movements as well. What is that about?*

**Al** Since our beloved daughter (Maureen) is eager to be an instrument in this format, I will give this opportunity to her to answer this question and simply say.

**Maureen Speaking:** This dear daughter was prepared for a different question, so isn’t that a delight, to be able to work through her in unexpected ways? She is asking to hear the question again. Can you please repeat the question for her? Because we need for her to settle.

**Al** When you seek, you shall find, dear daughter. When you ask, it will be given.

*Certainly! I experienced continuous repetitive physical movement of my head during prayer and was told to bear with us when I wondered about it and felt compelled to let it continue. When I intentionally stopped for a moment, I got that it was related to building rapport. I know others experience continuous movements as well. What is that about?*

**Maureen as a medium:** When you are sitting for development, there are many things that we work upon in your body. Not only the brain, but within your physical structure. We are opening the avenue of communication to flow not only through soul and mind, but also to free within your spirit body and physical body the way things can flow. So, when you feel this movement occur, we encourage you to allow it. For there is a balancing within the physical structure, the physical body and how they operate in relationship to your gifts being demonstrated. There are things that you accumulate as you move through your day and your life, things within the body that you put within the body, that you take in, that nourishes. Not all of these things are needed within your system. So, some of these things we do our very best to extract from you. Some things are also emotionally stuck within the body, energies that are stagnant. These sit between the physical body and the spirit body, so we move you to be able to have this ease and flow within you, through your development. Thank you for this opportunity to use this dear one and her willingness to be open to this way of sudden communication. 

*Thank you for that beautiful demonstration and answer. The next question is, what are examples of how a physical medium might be used in support of God’s plan for our future?*

I will jump over to my left now.

**Al again:** The world of change that is coming will be chaotic. There will not be the conditions that you rely upon in order to steady your life and make it predictable and comfortable. Transition is difficult, indeed, from one mode of being, one way of living to another. This is not to say that God will restrict every opportunity and destroy every aspect of your present life to the point where you will be grovelling for bits of food and have great difficulty even surviving. But there will be enough disruption and difficulty that will entreat others to ask questions, to contemplate the larger meaning of why these conditions are manifesting, why the world has become so chaotic and unreliable. 

A physical medium is able to manifest spirit. A physical medium is able to manifest food and other items of the material. Having an individual who is so gifted in close proximity to you may indeed be very beneficial. That they may have the benefit of the guidance spoken from the spirit in such a way that their material manifestation will not confuse or give doubt to those who are listening to that treatise and guidance. Of course, the possibility of manifesting that which is needed in the material sense is certainly a beautiful gift and much needed. 

Each of you have a quality, an aspect of material mediumship and will manifest these things in the times to come. This is not restricted to one individual or a few. It is given in every case to everyone. The quality aspects of this blessing and manifestation are determined by the condition of the individual and their innate gifts. So, all of these manifestations may not be possible through the individual. But a portion, something will come through that individual in harmony with their gifts. 

When there were groups sitting for what they call Direct Voice, and there were others sitting who were not a part of the group, not within the vicinity of the group, but were sitting in tandem with them, they too received the benefit of this development. They too will have some measure of this gift. Indeed as we work with all of you, as you feel different conditions, manifestations, pressures, energies around the body, etc., know that these things all have purpose and that we are utilising various technologies and abilities, some of which have been loaned by our stellar friends in order to develop these things. It is a vast array of spirits, individuals and beautiful friends who are working to help humanity come into alignment with these abilities and gifts. They are innate in some way or another, so they will be manifest in one way or another. Indeed, those of you who are conscious of this process and this awakening of gifts, will come to realise these things in a conscious way and in the right timing and conditions, and they will be able to do so at will. 

You do not understand the potential of your own being. You live upon the surface of consciousness. You live for material gratification, for emotional gratification, for many things that are related to the material consciousness. In this way of life which is reinforced and encouraged over and over again, you miss out on the deeper things within you, the deeper awarenesses that are coming, the deeper developments that are happening within you. We understand this. We have compassion for you as you struggle with these things because even you know that you are bereft of a certain level of consciousness that will give you the answers to the questions that you have about yourself and your own gifts. You know these things deep within you. But to walk, to move, to shift your consciousness to those places is often very difficult, indeed. Even your prayers reflect the difficulty of this. To go deep with prayer is often challenging and is a rare moment in your lives for many of you. But you persist and we persist as well. 

We will all continue to help to strive toward deeper consciousness of the soul and to be in that place more often than you are at this time. It is coming, my friends. As you empower yourself with God’s Love, as you seek this blessing, as you continue to look, to experience, to desire that depth of knowing, of understanding, of awakening, so these things come to you. But it is dependent upon the consistency and the tenacity of your efforts to go to that place and be in that place. We cannot do all of these things for you, but we assist you. We help to create an environment around you that is conducive. We help you to clear your thoughts and to be in a condition of light that will encourage your plummeting to your soul awareness, that deep dive into soul consciousness. Indeed, though you may not have the breath to dive so deep as you practise, as you continue, you will.  In time, when you arrive in that place, you will be comfortable and you will be joyful that you have come there by will, desire and effort. Continue to practise, beloved souls. Continue to practice and in this, many things will manifest. Beautiful gifts will arise as a natural outcome of your efforts, faith and desire.  Thank you. 

*Can we ask the last question?*

Of course. 

*Again, it is a multiple question. Please explain how our souls can travel to assist or be with another when we are conscious or awake. Do our souls have the capacity to be in more than one place when not in the sleep state? Is this an aspect of soul-to-soul communication, and how can we strengthen this service?*

The soul is not a physical manifestation of your being. It is a reflection of God. As I have just said, your understanding of your soul is meagre. You just barely begin to be aware. The soul does not travel per se. You are relating these things to physical activity. Yet, the soul in consciousness can connect and relate to another soul without the mind and the consciousness of daily living being involved in this connection. These things happen, but they don’t happen in the way you imagine. They happen in a way that is of a level, a dimension of soul consciousness that exists but you are not often aware of. You may have an inkling of this, a feeling toward it. Indeed, your mind may think and deduce that you have travelled somewhere physically, but you have not. You have merely travelled in consciousness toward something or someone. You have, indeed, fulfilled some mission, some aspect of God’s Will to utilise you as an instrument. I believe this is an adequate explanation.

*Thank you, Seretta Kem. That concludes the questions that have been submitted and we are so deeply, deeply grateful for your response.*

I would ask you, daughter, to say a closing prayer.

Thank you. 