---
title: "Q & A State College Retreat"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine hosts Q & A State College Retreat"
date: 2025-02-11 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Question & Answer State College Retreat

September 25<sup>th</sup>, 2024

State College, Pennsylvania, U.S.A

Received by Al Fike 

I am your teacher, Augustine. I have come to help you gain greater wisdom. I cannot make you gain greater love, but when you gain greater love that is the Essence of God within your soul, then your capacity to understand the truth has been greatly enhanced. In fact, some truths of God cannot be understood without this. It is important, as this dear instrument has indicated, to receive the great gift of God’s Love, the Divine Love. For this is the mechanism that awakens. This is the mechanism that instils deep wisdom, instils deep perception and awakens the mind of the soul. For the mind of the soul is far superior to the material mind and will bring the answers that you require. Indeed, many of these questions stem from the material mind. But we will attempt to go deeper in our explanations today. So, shall we begin?

**Thank you, dear Augustine. Did we choose our lives and our gifts before coming into this life?**

The soul chooses to incarnate and the soul chooses its parents. The soul is given the gifts of the soul at the point of creation. So that choice has not been made by the soul, but by God. The soul chooses to express these gifts while on Earth, or not to express them. It is entirely up to the free will choice of the individual. Of course many gifts of the soul cannot be expressed without being ignited by the Divine Love, the Essence of God. So indeed the soul limits by mindful choice what may be expressed. But the soul is imbued with many gifts that may be expressed in time as the Love of God and the choice to receive the Love of God is realised within the individual. Thank you.

**Do our children select us as parents from the spirit?**

Yes, as I have indicated, this is the case. 

**After we enter the spirit world, will we remember our time with God before we incarnated?**

That memory is a very hazy and indistinct recollection, even when one enters into the spirit world. There are moments and glimpses of this given as a soul awakens and remembers to a degree, but to have the full memory of our time with God in this place before incarnation would indeed be a cruelty. For that bliss of being in the womb of God will never again be realised. Indeed we will find our oneness with God, at-onement, but it will be different because we have been changed by the experience of walking upon the Earth as a material being and walking in spirit as a spiritual being with a soul and then walking in the Celestial Kingdom as a soul transformed. Thus changes have taken place, progress has been made and one can never return to the womb of God. 

**Many of us struggle to start our ministry while still having to hold down a job to finance our lives. I am curious about Paul’s tent making to finance his travels without accepting donations. How did he arrange that, going from city to city and what were the styles of tents and materials used?**

This story is an allegory. It is not a specific description of Paul’s life. Thus you miss the point with the question. The question is how may I serve God and how may I serve humanity, and if I serve God and humanity with faith, will my needs be provided for? Indeed they will be given sufficient faith. For with the developed soul that is filled with faith, perceptions and abilities to move in the world will be realised to the point where there is receptivity to material benefits and material gains, so to speak, so that one is clothed, housed and fed, etcetera. God’s intention is not to make an individual wealthy with an overabundance of material well being. But God will ensure that His children and His servants will be provided for, given that they are receptive to God’s Will and God’s plan. 

It is a bit of a catch 22, as you would call it. For you enter into the world with certain ideas and you are taught many ways and means of making a living, of living upon the earthly plane. But of course, these things are man made and created within the reality of man rather than the reality of God. So you have a great obstacle to overcome, to step beyond that reality of man and to do so with great faith and trust in God. God will not circumvent your free will, but God is always there to uphold you and encourage you upon the direction of truth and of love. As you build in the light of truth and love, your abilities to manifest what is needed in your life will increase because God’s Hand is resting upon you and has a clear avenue, a flow of His blessings and Love through you. Therefore, with this, it attracts many benefits, many blessings. 

Of course, you will have to recalibrate your expectations of life. You will have to release certain goals and indeed, be humble in your lifestyle. But you will not go hungry and cold. You will not feel alone and you will be able to provide for your families and your loved ones as well. There are great resources in the world, but those resources are parsed out by those who have power and those who are a part of the human condition that dictates that they must expend their energies, time, thought and efforts towards material gain. Thus they have no time for God. They have no time for their own soul and they have expended such energy, such effort in obtaining the material well-being that they have no inkling, no desire to be with God, to even spend a moment with God. Often they are exhausted and drained, and their souls have withered from neglect. 

When Paul repaired the tent, he was helping God repair the souls of men. He was God’s servant and so are you, beloved souls, so are you. Although the way of life is so very much different from his day, you too may help repair the souls of men and walk in the world as God’s servant, His channels of love. But you must, first and foremost, repair your own tent, to be in that soul condition that follows the Will of God, that knows the wisdom within, that is a soul resplendent in love and light. Not that you must be perfect or redeemed fully, but you must be well upon the path, my friends. For without that effort, that journey, what do you have to share with others? How can you see what is needed? How can you hear the voice of God within you, His Will guiding you forward? These things you must capture within your consciousness and be clear and true to the Will of God. Thank you. 

**The messages say that our souls have chambers and that as the Divine Love flows in, it fills one chamber before flowing into the next, etc. Do the chambers correspond to different personalities or aspects of ourselves? Is there a good and bad counterpart of each aspect? And what is the difference between thought forms from natural love and Divine Love beings in substance and quality?**

The concept of chambers is, of course, a way of teaching individuals about the soul. But the soul is a non-material thing. It is a purely spiritual expression and it is your true self. The soul has many elements, but they are not material. So how can they be chambers? How can they be ignited one after another? How can they have good and bad? These are all mindful concepts of what a soul is. One who truly understands their soul realises that it is a state of feeling and being that is recognised by the consciousness of the individual. It is light and it can be darkness if the condition of the soul is darkness. Indeed, light and darkness can reside within the soul because the soul is not fully cleansed by the Love of God or the efforts one makes to be cleansed in the natural love journey. 

But the soul yearns for light. The soul yearns for God. The very essence of your essence is that desire to be with God. For before you were born, this is who you were and indeed, as you were born, you were light. Each and every soul was light. But as the soul encountered the human condition, it became sullied by this condition. Rather than pure light, it became polluted with the dark conditions around it. Thus your struggles are great to find purity within yourself. But the potential for purity is great and the ability to be purified is possible.
 
The chambers that you speak of are merely aspects of the soul you have been taught from another perspective. That indeed, the soul is a jewel to be polished and each facet is an aspect of the soul. As it is polished and refined, the light pours through it. It reflects light. It has light within that is reflected outward. This is a more apt description, for the soul has many facets. Indeed those facets are refined by your efforts, your prayers, your experiences, what you learn and grow within, how you clear out the pollution of the human condition and allow this beautiful jewel which is beyond price, its beauty beyond description to shine forth.

As for thought forms, these are things of the mind that continue to be expressed by humanity, powerfully and so abundantly that indeed the ability to reach God, to reach through these great wafts of thought forms, may be difficult. But we assist you, my beloved friends, to penetrate these conditions, to be with God and to be with us. Your soul yearns for this. Thus we are able, because of the laws, to comply with your yearnings and your desires. So we are here together. Though I am not sure I have answered your question about thought forms. May you repeat it so that I might better refine it?

**What is the difference between thought forms from natural love and Divine Love beings in substance and quality?**

This is not a definable answer because there are no thought forms from the soul and the mind of the soul. Thought forms originate from the mental condition of the individual. So it is like comparing apples and oranges if this helps in your understanding?

**Yes thank you. I have presented all the questions that we have for today.** 

There are no more questions?

**I have a follow up to my question. I was really curious about people that present with multiple personalities, which some spirits call aspects and some of these personalities can be different ages like infant and anywhere back and some can be negative and some very positive. Where does that come from?**

The mind, the material mind, is a very complex mechanism. The mind can interpret various modes of expression and create modes of expression. So these individuals may express aspects of their own mind. They also may express spirits that are overshadowing them and have a deep attachment with them. Indeed it can be quite difficult to determine and delineate between these two operational expressions. Every soul upon your world has influence from spirit. Some are very receptive and open to these influences, and some cannot control them at all. So they are subject to this heavy influence, this direct influence from another spirit. Some of these spirits are very infantile, indeed. While others are angry or manipulative or even joyful. 

But indeed there are many spirits applying their influence upon the individual. Therefore they find a way to express that influence in whatever avenue seems to fit with the psychology of the individual, their personalities. There are many aspects of an individual’s personality. It is not a one or two dimensional thing. It is a multi-dimensional thing within the individual. Each of you can observe this within yourself. Parts of you are expressed in certain circumstances and parts of you are repressed in certain circumstances. This is an aspect of your psychology that is understood in the material world.

The soul is a different thing, indeed. The personality of the soul is unique and is set by that soul. It has many expressions as I have indicated with my analogy of the jewel, the facets. The true self resides there and is not subject to spirit influence per se. It is not even subject to human will per se. It is subject to the true likeness, being, expression that you are, that God has created you to be. You may not understand this or express this to any great degree until you are developed within your soul, until you recognise your soul and come to that place of understanding your soul. Then you will come to see yourself for who you truly are. Each of you are struggling to reach that point, but none of you have come to that place of true understanding of self. You have a measure of awareness, but you are looking through that glass darkly as has been said, as the saying goes. You are seeing a distortion, to a degree. Until you are truly along the path, truly come to understand from that place of soul, where you are centred within it, then the awareness of your own soul’s person will not be fully realised or understood. 

Yet the power of Divine Love is continually working to expunge the distortions and the darkness, all conditions that are of your world. In time, you will find the freedom, the expansion, the beauty of a soul coming into itself, when you truly meet your own soul and merge with it. This is a glorious day, a glorious time in your life, when that realisation takes place, when that integration takes place. You will all come to this as you continue to grow in the Father’s Love, as you continue to realise that the idea of yourself, which originates from your material mind, is merely a reflection of many influences and many ideas accumulated, carried and absorbed within your consciousness. Yet, it is not truly you.

It is not that you are being ingenuous, my beloved students. It is that the structure, that paradigm of consciousness that you believe is your true self, is not your true self. It has been created by you and by your experiences. There is a reflection of your true self within it, but it is greatly distorted and not truly realised until you have come to that place of breaking away the encrustations, the conditions that hold you from truly expressing your light and who you truly are. We work diligently. God works diligently. Many influences that are of light are working very hard to help you release the distortions and the encrustations so that you may be freed. In this freedom, you will truly be a clear and powerful channel of love, light and truth. You will be able to understand truth in such a way that there will be no confusion. There will be no questions, for the questions will be answered and the truth will be revealed. You will be a light, a beautiful light, a teacher, an expression, a being that is of God, realised in the Love of God, expansive in the Truth of God and joyous beyond joy. 

This is the promise to each one of you, beloved souls. It is given by God to you and to all. Every being in the universe seeks out that place of true being, of true realisation. I cannot describe this in words. It is so rife with feelings, expressions and joy that you alone must come to that place and experience it for yourself. All of us within the Celestial Kingdom have come to that place. We desire that all of humanity, all our brothers and sisters may truly come to that place and that realisation of the true self, the true being which is soul freed and filled with love. Thank you.

Are there any other questions? It is not often that you get the opportunity such as this, my beloved friends, students. Is there nothing that you wonder about as you take your journey forward in the light of truth, in the light of love? 

**Are there ways to help us introduce others to this path?**

Beloved daughter, there are many ways to help others to come to this path. Since each individual is unique and each individual lives within this paradigm of thought which I have explained, the approach will be unique. We do not expect you to understand and divine the approach through perceptions of the individual, given the opportunity to speak to them. What we can assist you with is some impressions and some inspiration, for we see that individual for who they are. We understand their true condition and we might give some advice, some inspiration to help you understand. In this, to be creative with your words and your desire to show the individual the way toward God, the way of Divine Love.

Yet there are many, many obstacles upon that path. The conditions of the world create difficulties and distortions, fear and resistance. This is the way of your world and you well know this. All of you know this. But there are windows of opportunity where you might be used to inspire another toward finding and realising their own soul and realising their soul’s relationship with God. The words will undoubtedly be different with each encounter. The way in which you are with each encounter is important. To be a light, to be open and loving, to be simple in your expression and not insistent, but loving. These are the keys to help others find God’s Love. 

Indeed you may find yourself in deep conversation with another and they may be curious about your own journey. You might use that curiosity, that question, to speak of your own journey in words that convey inspiration and love. There are many ways, as I have said, that you may approach this dilemma. But we will be there. Be assured that we will be there to assist you. Indeed, the light of your soul is being impressed upon their soul and this is the beginning of planting seeds. Remember that, no matter who you encounter, your light is your light and it is powerful and beautiful and will indeed bring blessings to that individual, even though consciously they may not be aware of it. In time, those seeds may grow and bear fruit. Have faith in this, beloveds, have faith. Thank you.

**May I ask a question?**

Of course, dear daughter.

**Praying for in utero souls, is that effective in terms of them opening their souls to receive Divine Love?**

In fact when the soul has incarnated into the foetus, there is a great opportunity to pray for the inflowing of God’s Love into their being. They are open. They are wide open to that possibility and I would encourage you to do so. Pray for healing. Pray for light. Pray for comfort and pray for God’s Love to enter therein and they will respond. The soul will respond and experience this new experience, for they have not experienced this in the pre-life. This is the great opportunity that God gives to every incarnate soul to find their way upon this Path Divine, to be realised upon the path and to have the experiences that that path provides for them. If you can help them place their feet upon that path by prayer in this beautiful beginning, then you are doing a great service to them and to God. Thank you.

**Dear Augustine, such a wonderful teacher that you are. Those in this particular circle know my curiosities of how one is chosen to be in a given circle, the one who speaks through our medium brothers and sisters. Do you have an organisation prior to and Celestials or stellar friends are appointed a particular circle, or is it instantaneous and you do not have scripts? You all speak so eloquently for us. It appears that you have great capabilities of choosing our English language to communicate through the medium of choice. Could you explain for us some of that organisation?**

Because of our soul’s development and capacity in gifts, we are aware of individuals who are incarnated upon the planet. So when they incarnate there is a signal that is given from that soul that we are receptive to and are drawn to. So in the case of this individual, this medium, we were aware of him in utero and we made great efforts to help nurture him along the path that God designated. God gives us the gift of insight as well. So we are aware long before you are aware and we focus our attentions upon these individuals. 

It would surprise you, however, that the number of these individuals who actually fulfil a destiny that God has given them is very small indeed, that many are sidelined by desires and conditions in the world. It is like the parable of God spreading seeds upon the ground and some take root and some do not. So God’s plan for the salvation of humanity involves many souls, many souls who have gifts and a destiny. But they, more likely than not, are unable to fulfil that destiny. Certain choices are made by the individual through their life that will lead them upon the Path Divine. Of course we spend a great deal of time encouraging you to open the door of truth to many. For how will they find this truth without your efforts, without the truth being in the consciousness of humanity? It is a great effort as well, that we undertake as you do. 

In terms of communication, the mind has great capacities. This individual has a capacity for words stored within that mind. He has read many books and has absorbed a great deal of words, and has a great capacity for words. So he becomes a good instrument. For we may be able to communicate through him clearly as he has developed in this capacity. He also has the capacity to remove his thoughts and condition from the conscious thought that happens within the brain. There is a blank slate, so to speak, and this is very helpful, very fortuitous. For we can fill that slate with the words that we choose. 

Now we have a great capacity within our souls to understand concepts, ideas and truths of God’s universe. We must take that understanding and process it, if you will, through the soul of the instrument which then, if the channel is clear, goes through the mind. Although there is one individual speaking such as myself, there are several others who are helping and assisting in this process so that the flow of words, of concepts, of understanding enter into the mind clearly and effectively so that they are communicated in such a way. It is a somewhat complicated process requiring different aspects of the brain. But indeed we have studied this for a very long time and we understand the way and avenues of communication. 

Though it may appear that this individual is speaking from that frontal cortex location where words and sentences are formed, in truth, other aspects of the brain are being utilised, coming together and then funnelled through the frontal cortex area. It is, as I say, a complex matter. But this is accomplished by those who are willing to undergo the development of mediumship and have a certain propensity to allow this communication to happen. Fortunately, this individual, this beautiful soul, started at an early age to be developed within his soul. Thus, we take full advantage of this now and are very pleased with the outcomes of what can be. 

Each of you are gifted in one way or another. In many ways, in fact. But there is often a predominant gift, something that can be utilised by God in an effective way without too much development or focus. It is like a reflexive part of your being. Indeed, we help you to come to realise these things, to be conscious of them and to understand your own makeup, who you are and what you can do. There is no competition here. Each gift is honoured and is precious. Each individual is honoured and, indeed, is precious and loved. Do not compare yourselves with one another, for you are each unique. Do not aspire to be like another, for you denigrate your own uniqueness in that way. But love one another. Honour one another and realise that what is presented as gifts at this time is a dim reflection of what can be in the future. 

We see each of you. We understand each of you in your capacities and your gifts. We are working to help you develop these things in accordance with your development of soul and your readiness, your maturity and your ability and dedication toward being an instrument for God. These are serious matters, requiring deep dedication and the deeper the dedication, the more capable is the instrument utilising the gifts that are available to them. We will help you understand these things, but you must be at a point of readiness and receptivity in order to understand them. You may ask all the questions in the world about your gifts and abilities, but in truth, the answers will not come until you are ready to receive them and on the verge of expressing them. 

Much is within you, lying dormant or just awakening. Some of it is awakened now, but you have a great deal of trouble recognising these things because that awakening is part of your mindful condition and your soul condition merging together into the reality of soul awareness. It is important that you work toward this integration, for without it you will be lost and blind and deaf. But indeed, each of you is striving toward this. Each of you have accomplished this to a degree and you will continue to ride that wave of opening, understanding and embracing the truth about yourself. 

Even those parts of you that you do not appreciate or you are shameful of, you must embrace them and allow them to be transformed and removed by the Love of God. You are human as are all of you upon this planet, thus are your secrets any deeper than others? Or more shameful than others? No, my beautiful students. What you hide within you can be transformed into joy, can be purified and become another part of you, a true part that is in harmony with love. All of you must, in time, come into harmony with love. As you do so, then your gifts emerge with purity, beauty, power, grace and joy. 

I will end our discussions for today and I thank you for listening. It has been an honour and a privilege to speak to you, beloved souls. I know each of you well. I have come to you to help you, to educate you, to be with you in love as have many, many beautiful Celestial Angels. You are very blessed, beloved souls, very blessed indeed and you will continue to be blessed. God bless you. I am your teacher, Augustine, and I love you. God bless you. 