---
title: "Reaching Soul Consciousness"
menu_title: ""
description: "Peter the Apostle on Reaching Soul Consciousness"
date: 2024-09-10 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Reaching Soul Consciousness

July 25<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 

Beloved souls, I am Peter, the Rock as I am known and I wish to address the other Peter in this room. For he asks very pertinent questions about his own soul progression and experience with God. I wish to comment on his queries and to add some wisdom that may be helpful to the process of understanding when experiencing soul.

My dear son, you have learned to block out all the noise of the earthly conditions, the noise within your own mind, the noise around you, conditions that are distracting. Yet, rather than experiencing your soul, you are experiencing the effects of inhabiting this chamber of silence. It does not offer anything more than silence. The soul is not there. The consciousness of soul does not inhabit that place because it is a place of the mind. This instrument has attempted to explain his own perceptions and experience of going to soul. It is a place of fluidity, of emotion, of openness and peace, a place where you may talk to God and God may talk to you, a place where you will become aware of the blessings of God flowing into your soul. That too, has a certain quality and feel to it.

The very basic part of understanding and experiencing the soul is to know your own emotions, not in controlling your emotions, but allowing this part of you to be fluid and very much present in the experience of prayer. An element of these emotions is longing, desire, a yearning. In this yearning, often comes a sense of loss and a sense that the vacuum within the soul isn’t filled with the presence of God. If one is to go deeper into  yearning, there is often grief because the soul is not with God. Whereas before incarnation the soul was with God. Part of this emotional experience is a component of reticence. For to be in the presence of God is a formidable experience. The soul is humbled by this experience. The soul feels small compared to the great Soul of God. The soul becomes aware of its inadequacies and condition that does not allow what is, in essence, a reflection of God but not substance. This is why in the yearning there is a desire to infill, to make whole and substantial the soul that for many of you on Earth is hollow and insubstantial. When one goes to the soul and feels a lacking within, there is a sense of dissatisfaction, one might even find within their mind a sense of betrayed by God. Certainly within your cultures, there is a desire for instant gratification, that the soul may be filled instantaneously, that the process may be quickened to the point of immediate gratification. 

My beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters, you are on a journey that is forever. As you continue to be in harmony with the laws of God, the Laws of Love, the Truth of His Love, the dawning of this substantial experience with God comes and is realised incrementally as you make that journey from your mind to your soul, from that sense of propriety and prayerfulness in words to that feeling of expansiveness and recognition of God touching you and close to you, sending His Holy Spirit to bring that gift that He so longs to give to you. For God does not want His children to be merely a shadow of what they can be. God wants His children to be fulfilled, to be whole and to be close. 

It is a common experience for those who begin to pray for this gift of love to feel the exact opposite of what God wants you to have and know. There is a sense of hollowness and grief, mixed with desire and yearning to be close to God, an experience that for many is foreign and not accomplished readily in such a material world as this. Yet, you receive and have with you many angels who help you upon this journey, who protect you and surround you in love, who bring to you all manner of upliftment and light to make a safe place for you to inhabit with God within your soul, within that environment of Divine blessing and presence.

There is much within the mind and within the conditions of the material world that would inhibit this, that would make it difficult to descend to your soul, feeling, knowing and revelling in that place of soul. It is not one singular sense. It is a multiplicity of sensory, emotional, visual, soulful experiences that will not be a consistent and predictable experience, but one that will change with each attempt, each effort to be there with God. 

For in order for these things to be conscious and because of the way your consciousness has had its patterns and habits, often that consciousness of the mind colours and influences those things that are experienced in the soul. It does not readily become a pure and innocent experience. It is mixed with your travelling consciousness of mind as you go back and forth between the two in the experience of prayer. This requires discipline to remain in that place of soul consciousness. This discipline is accomplished through multiple efforts to be in that place, a daily practice. Some days will bring you great fulfilment and experiences deep and joyful.  Other days you do not feel these precious gifts and experiences so intensely. Even on those days when the intensity of the experience is weakened by various conditions, you are still receiving the gift of Divine Love because you have incited the laws that ensure that this gift is given. 

The intensity of this gift, the amount that is received is determined by the intensity of your prayers and your longings. I urge each one of you to recognise, to acknowledge, to nurture that longing within your soul for this is the impetus that will bring you into soul. It is not that the longing is weak. It is that your acknowledgment of that longing is weak. With all the busy-ness of your mind and the conditions of this Earth conspiring to distract you from the pure acknowledgement and conscious realisation of your yearning that you do not feel this so intensely. These are the laws in action, my beloved friends, and you cannot avoid these laws acting as they do. You understand the laws and in understanding, you may activate the laws to your benefit. You may practise sounding the depths of your soul, the longings of your soul, the feelings of your soul and the desires of your soul. 

This is a formidable task, I know. Many find it very frustrating indeed to go to that place but you will find your way, one way or another. You may indeed use techniques to clear your mind. You may use music to inspire you to open your soul. You may use many things. God does not judge you for this. God encourages you to find your way, to find your way without distraction, to find your way without those elements that are not conducive to being in alignment with God. It is for each individual to take that journey. 

Some are content with half measures, some are not. What is most important is that you make the effort, that you seek out this relationship in a conscious way, that you come to acknowledge your soul which is separate from the mindful consciousness that you so well know. You must discern between the two and tease out those tendrils that invade the soul, that are part of the consciousness of the mind. In this separation as you become well-practised, there will be a purity in the experience, an experience that is like none other, an experience that you will repeat over and over again for it nourishes you so deeply and profoundly as God’s Love enters therein, as God’s presence comes close and as your soul responds in all its feeling and all its longing. 

God desires this to be directed toward Him so that you will know that you are loved, so that you will know the power and intensity of God’s Love for you, so that you will feel the peace, the peace that passes all understanding, so that you will see the light, the light bright, shimmering within your consciousness, so that you feel the joy, the joy of your soul hitting its mark, reaching God and basking in God’s abundant and loving response to you. 

Much is given, beloved souls, much is given. Our goal, our desire is that you will reach that place, not just once, not just on occasion, but every time in prayer. It is possible. It will come to you. Whether it comes to you when you are in the spirit world or this material world will be determined by you. But it will come. It must come for the power of the love that is already within you will ensure that this conscious connection with your Creator is made and secured in your spiritual life.

May God bless you, beloved souls, upon your journey of finding God and finding your own soul. May you truly be fulfilled upon this path.I give you my blessings. I am Peter and I am your guide, beloved and beautiful son. I shall help you on this journey. I shall and I have in past times. All is well. There is no need to worry and fret, but there is a need to feel and long for the great gift of God. 

God bless you all. My love is with you. My love is with this dear son who celebrates his birth as are many who crowd around in loving acknowledgement, acknowledging his gifts and his work. For he has accomplished much and will continue to do so. May he be blessed and may you all be blessed on this fortuitous day. God bless you. I am Peter.