---
title: "Take Responsibility for Your Thoughts"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion says Take Responsibility for Your Thoughts"
date: 2024-06-19 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Take Responsibility for Your Thoughts

May 4<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 


My friends, I am Orion. I’m happy to be with you today in your prayers and efforts to reach out beyond the earthly conditions into that which is of the Divine. And to seek the nurturance of God’s great Soul, the inflowing of His Essence, which is the key to all true spiritual progression and soul awakening. Something that is so needed in your world. You break the ground for others. You break the ground so that others may trod more readily upon this Path of Love. You have progressed. Though I think that you often assess yourself as being somewhat stagnant, lacking in progression. At least the progression that you feel and think you should have. Indeed the progression is happening within your soul as you continue to receive this great gift, as you continue to be ministered upon by your angel friends, by us, by many so that your soul becomes cleansed, purified and awakened in Love.

The great challenge that you face, and you know this well, is that you must overcome the biases, patterns of the mind. That you must put aside those conditions and thoughts within you, so well ingrained in your material thinking that prevent you from reaching, feeling, knowing that inner part of you that is so beautiful, so filled with light. We are there to assist you. It is not that you are alone in this endeavour. Though at times I know you feel lonely, and that often you feel rather downtrodden by the pace of your progression, at least the pace that you assess to be your progression. But I tell you, it is a steady upward climb and you are on the verge of great breakthroughs of consciousness, of understanding who you truly are. 

I know the earthly conditions weigh upon you greatly. That each day presents its challenges. That each day is filled with distractions. Each day is a choice of what you may engage in and how you may engage with it. When you are lax in your discipline of mind and you fall into those old patterns of thought and engagement, then inevitably you will feel that you are no further ahead in your spiritual progression. For you are engaged thoroughly within the mindful conditions that have been resistant to this progression and create a difficulties for you. When you are able to let go of those patterns, to have trust in the new way of being, the way of your soul, then you will experience expansion, freedom, joy and love. All those things that you so desire to be a part of, to feel, to engage with. It is your choice and I know that the power of these conditions of the Earth make for a great problem for you. It is difficult to overcome these things. Yet, we urge you forward and we are with you in your struggles. 

My friends, do not be lax in your efforts, in your choices and in your discipline. Be engaged in what is the most important and vital effort of your life, to detach from the dark conditions of the material world. To be truly engaged with God in the Light and the Truth of Love and all that is good and wondrous. Every effort is made to assist you in this, beloved souls. May God bless you mightily. Indeed as I have said, accumulating within your soul is a great light, great wisdom, great love, great joy. But as you are sensitive and continue to feel the impingement of the material world, it is difficult to go to that place that I speak of. It is difficult to free yourself from the burdens of this world. But you are growing stronger. The light within you is growing brighter and the power of your soul to break through these conditions of mind and to be liberated in love is well-placed within you. 
 
I urge you forward. Do not be discouraged. Have faith in yourself, have faith in the process of the cleansing of your soul and the awakening that comes and the conscious engagement with these things. It is inevitable. Do not criticise yourself, blame yourself, or see yourself as weak and unable to break through these conditions. For you have been given the greatest strength of all, the power of God’s Essence to heal all things, to awaken all to truth, love and light. It is a gift that God has given you because you have chosen this gift. It is the way that God has provided for every soul so that they may, indeed, be healed and come to at-onement with their Creator. Choose the path, beloveds, the path that you have been taught, that you know so well, that you expound upon to others, a path that you must follow with diligence, grace, steadfastness and faith. 
 
What else in your life is more important than this? As you continue to forge ahead towards that time when you will no longer have a physical body, I know that each of you have great ambition to transition into a place of light, beauty and joy. It will come, but you do not want to carry the vestiges of a life lived that has within it pain and distortions. You must move beyond these things. For you carry the thoughts with you. You are those thoughts and those thoughts are you. They do not magically disappear upon your transition. It is important for you to release these conditions and thoughts before that time so that you will truly feel the freedom, the separation, the healing that is necessary for you to progress further. 

Indeed the Divine Love plays its part and it is a powerful part. Yet you must also take responsibility for your own conditions, for your own lives, your own choices. This too, is a major part of life upon this world of yours. Because of the power of free will and the power of thought, you have created a world that is dark and distorted and often lacks love. Yet, we work diligently to help you and others break this pattern, break these conditions, bring in the light that will heal, uplift, educate and bring truth and love. You are the forerunners, beloved souls. So, you must be in that condition of being cleansed and healed. I do not say perfect, but indeed, in the light and in harmony with every thought and breath. 

God will guide you so, my beautiful friends. You will be guided forward, upward and healed, this I promise you. It is the law in action and it is an undeniable law, given your engagement with it; that the Essence of God shall free you from the human condition. It shall do so. With every vestige, part and aspect of your being, it will do so. It is for you to encourage and to help facilitate this blessing within you by your free will choices, by your thoughts and your efforts. Be diligent and look within. Look within and see for yourself those parts of you that are in need of healing, in need of peace, in need of love. 

God bless you, my beloved friends. I do not mean to discourage you. I do mean to help you to see the way clearly, to be truly in harmony with that which you seek to have and to express. It is important that you look. It is important that you choose. It is important that you continue to pray and receive that mighty gift so that you will have the strength, the capacity, the ability to move forward in light. God bless you. I am your friend, Orion. I love you, beautiful souls eager to progress into light. God bless you. God bless you, my friends. 