---
title: "A Lesson on Taking Responsibility for Our Soul Progression"
menu_title: ""
description: "Isaiah gives A Lesson on Taking Responsibility for Our Soul Progression"
date: 2025-01-23 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# A Lesson on Taking Responsibility for Our Soul Progression

July 8<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 

Things are happening are they not, my boy? I am Isaiah and I come to reassure you and to encourage you, to encourage all of you in your pursuits in your time together and your time apart. For we are working upon each one of you every moment. We waste nothing. We grasp every opportunity available to us to help in your progression and development, your gifts and your awakening. 

Dear daughter, you did not waste your time with your family. You do not understand or perceive the importance of your presence with them. Though they may not convey in direct words and language their love for you, it is there and present. What allows blessings to flow but love? So do you not think that your family benefitted? Even those who were extended family benefitted from your presence and the presence of this instrument. 

Indeed it was a journey that took time and effort. Did you not feel the angels close in that time, in those efforts, the flow and connections that were a part of that journey? God utilises every moment, beloved daughter. Whether you are here in your home, at that beautiful place where you take the waters and enjoy the comfort of it, whether you are shopping, travelling, eating. Anytime, any place, God is with you. If God is with you, are not the angels with you as well? Thus every moment of your life is a flow within the blessings of God and so it is with our dear brother here. 

He utilised and we utilised the time well for him to be on his own and to pray within this beautiful portal. As you well know, this portal is the most powerful portal on the planet. You are gifted with this because you are willing to take the responsibility to maintain it. It is a beautiful mechanism, an instrument that we may use to bring many blessings forward, not only for yourself, but for many others. Yes, you may stay home and pray for many and indeed, this would be a valuable and powerful way to bring blessings to the world. Yet when you travel forth and touch others, when you greet them and embrace them, when you are there with them, they receive a benefit that is often unrecognised. But indeed, the soul feels it and is stirred. The mind may be elsewhere as it is with almost all peoples on Earth, but the soul is hungering for love. The soul is hungering for light.

So when you are travelling through the world, and indeed, your plans for future travels are already in place, you will be utilised every moment. Indeed there will be some inconveniences, some difficulties, even some physical pain. A price you unfortunately must pay for these things, but you will also be blessed deeply. The night after your visit, did you not sleep well and feel refreshed? When you awoke, were you not blessed by the angels? Did God not bless you as He does everyday? Every night you are blessed.
 
Because you are human, you want pleasure, convenience and gratification of certain desires. This is the human part of you. The animalistic part of you as well. We urge you to go higher and deeper, deeper into your soul, higher in your reaching for God and the blessings that come with the Creator’s Touch upon you. It is often a struggle between these material, physical desires and difficulties and your soulful, spiritual side that longs for harmony. It also longs to serve. For as you serve God, as you are a channel of love, it increases the flow of love toward you and the blessings that come with it. 

Indeed a rhythm that brings harmony and peace is important. You are given the blessing of this beautiful home and the peace and solitude that come with it. Others are drawn to you and come to visit and partake of this blessing. Do not feel obligated or overburdened by these things, my beautiful channels of love. Go to God and ask for the blessings of strength, vitality, and healing for your body. Use the wisdom that you carry to dictate what you eat, how you rest and how you move. Listen to the longings of your soul that asks for continued nourishment of the Love of God. 

In all these things, harmony may come. Even when there is pain, physical disturbance and inconvenience, when you are with God in harmony these things are not so predominant. You are able to overcome and to be strong in light and joy. When you focus upon these things and consider that you are unworthy to have joy and freedom in your life and that these bouts of pain are a punishment, then you become stuck within a lower plane of consciousness. Your capacity to reach higher becomes hobbled by these attitudes and conditions. You must overcome these things. They are easily overcome given the right attitude and desires, for we are always at the ready to help any of you in your difficulties.

The earthly plane exacts its toll upon your bodies. Your decisions and choices also exact their toll. Yet do not forget that we are with you and we desire to uplift you. Since you have the gift of free will, we cannot countermand that gift and change your ways through an act of our will. Although, I must say to you that it is possible that we can do this. But we do not, for it contradicts the laws of God. Think of the story of [the man who criticised and flung hatred towards Jesus](https://new-birth.net/padgetts-messages/true-gospel-revealed-anew-by-jesus-volume-1/the-wandering-jew-vol-1-pg244/) as he carried his cross through the streets. Jesus condemned him to a long life of suffering. We, through Jesus’ power and abilities, enacted his wishes. This pathetic creature lived a very long life. Healings and blessings came to him, but it was not a life of joy. It was a life of regret. 

I bring up this example to demonstrate to you that there are great powers associated with the high spirits and angels of God. We only enact what we are able to give when there is a purpose. We do not take these things lightly. We do not enact these powers, these blessings frivolously. If there are lessons that you must learn, then we allow you to learn them. For how strong would you be without being challenged by life and challenged by your own willfulness and your own choices? If we countermanded these things and gave you a life free of all the pain and inequalities that life offers to you, then you would be weak and dependent on us and that cannot be. We come to guide and advise. We come to love and even bless. Indeed you have no true idea of the power and extent of blessings that have been given to you already, my beloved, beautiful friends. But there is a fine line that must be walked. 

It is in accordance with God’s Will that we act. Indeed more could come to you given your own choices, your own free will. That indeed, is a reflection of the human condition that you still carry. So, you are restricted in the blessings given. You restrict yourselves in many different ways. You restrict yourselves on all different levels of your being. Your attitudes, your biases, your inability to clear away certain conditions, patterns of behaviour all contribute to the discomfort and the pain of life. If you were to enact the laws perfectly and be with God continuously, exerting choices that were constructive, positive and beneficial in your life, then none of these issues would exist. You would be free from them. 

This is what we urge for you each and every day. To make choices that are in harmony with your own creation. To be in the grace of God no matter where you are and who you are with. To be God’s instruments in a conscious and beautiful way. To love no matter who you are engaging with. To love. In this simple way, you eliminate a good portion of your pain and your sense of inadequacy, all those conditions that are so human that you carry. 

I know this is a different message than what you are used to receiving, but I must comment on these things because it is important that you become aware of your own condition and your own choices, to be responsible for these things, rather than pointing the finger of blame towards others. For they are not to blame. Your condition is a reflection of you. The way you see the world is a reflection of you. How you experience the world is a reflection of you. When you are within your soul in the blissful communion with God, are you subject to these conditions, attitudes and biases, mental frameworks that you utilise to cope with the world? No, they disappear and become irrelevant. 

This is a goal. This is a goal that you must strive toward, not to obliterate the world through some capacity of the soul to negate the mind. Rather, to be in the world of God. In this, the wisdom that comes, the choices that are made, the efforts and actions that you make as an individual, are informed by the soul, not by the trappings of the mind that are, indeed, irrelevant now. For your soul has grown. It expands in love. It is beautiful and powerful. It has the capacity to solve these dilemmas. It has the capacity to bring the blessings of God into your midst in powerful and beautiful ways, healing infirmities, healing attitudes, bringing joy and wakefulness to your life. 

These are your choices and I know you are well aware of them. Yet you continue to indulge yourselves in ways, attitudes and actions that are contrary to the soul. We beseech you to continue to reinforce the attitudes and perceptions of the soul and to delegate the power of the mind to its rightful place as an assistant to the soul. Not the leader, but the follower. Continue to reinforce, to strengthen, to nourish your soul. In this way, you become the teacher and the leader. You become the example. You become the channel for God to bring His blessings through. This, in each one of you and many others is a great desire, but you have so much trouble reconciling the attitudes of the mind with the soul. You often become entrenched within these attitudes and ideas of the mind, creating the barriers toward the soul’s expression. 

My beloved and beautiful friends, I know it is a difficult path to follow, a double-edged sword. On one hand, you are deeply blessed. There are many joyful, beautiful, expansive moments. On the other hand, you must look at yourself and look at the conditions of your world. This often brings disenchantment, even horror, but this is the world and the possibilities that lie within it. You cannot change the world without changing yourself. There is no other way. Yet, as you are strengthened and empowered by the blessing of God’s Love, your capacity, your ability to change is empowered with it. The wisdom of perception, the flow of compassion for yourself, the understanding of the depth and breadth that is God’s Love continues to grow within your consciousness. You are truly blessed by these things. 

As the blessings continue to flow, for God does not restrict these blessings whatsoever, then you will find your way through your dilemmas. You will continue to walk in the light of God’s Love and discover the depth and breadth of what this means and express these things in your life. The dilemmas will fall away. The scales will be peeled from your eyes. Those judgements will no longer become a part of you. You will know love, love abiding, love expansive, love everlasting. You will know love. Love will be the very core, the very raison d’etre of your existence. 

We lead you to that place. We continue to uphold you along that road. We do not judge you, but there are times when we must remind you that your life is a reflection of your condition. This, I know, is difficult to accept or to acknowledge. Yet, it is so. Patterns of behaviour, patterns of thought, patterns that restrict, patterns that judge, many parts of you continue to hold you from God. They are weakening and lessening. For if you look back in your life you can see how you have changed, but they continue to hold you and restrict you to a degree. These times you have together, the times when you are alone and can contemplate, these are the healing opportunities for yourself. These are the ways and means you can look and change, exert your will in the direction that will bring greater light. It is for you to decide, to take advantage of the opportunities that God lays before you. 

Although you continue to struggle with certain issues and conditions, you are still being used as God’s instruments. You are still following the path of service and of light. Though I am sure you would like to be a purer and greater light, a more beautiful instrument upon the Earth. You can be. You know the way toward this. You will be given many opportunities to heal and to grow. To awaken and to find greater love and compassion in your heart for yourself and for others. Much is given to you, my beloved friends. Much is given. 

May you take heed of all that has been given. May you take heed of all that needs healing. May you take heed of all that you are and realise that you are on a continued journey of transformation, healing and love. I am Isaiah and I love you, beloved souls. I love you. God bless you. 