---
title: "Speaks Seriously about the Future of Divine Love in Barbados"
menu_title: ""
description: "Bartholomew Speaks Seriously about the Future of Divine Love in Barbados"
date: 2024-06-13 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Speaks Seriously about the Future of Divine Love in Barbados

January 21<sup>st</sup>, 2024

Barbados

Received by Al Fike 


I am John Bartholomew. I am very pleased that you have come together with the idea of clarifying and understanding your prospects together as a group, as an instrument for God, to bring the truth of God’s Love into this world. Yet indeed we see your dilemmas. 

We see not only you but many, many others. You take a step into God’s grace for one moment and then step back into the human condition for another moment. This dance back and forth, back and forth, becomes somewhat tedious and counterproductive. When you are in God’s grace, you are sure and certain. You are imbued with joy and insight. You feel you know God’s Will and you act upon it. In this acting upon God’s Will, you feel and know the results that come with this. A sense of soul satisfaction, of joy, that is awakened by your actions and by your instrumentality. For your gifts are confirmed as you walk in this way in the world. 

Yet as the conditions prevail and you acquiesce, you step out of these conditions of love into a more familiar condition that is you and your perspective. This is predominant. It continues to lessen as you continue to grow in God’s Love, but it is still a predominant condition, a predominant perspective. Rather than love, you are subject to your mind’s judgments, biases and perceptions. In this, there is a sense of condescension towards the Will of God. This is not unusual. For most upon your world carry this sense of putting God’s Will below your own. You must learn to put God’s Will above yours, you must learn to exert God’s Will through you, and you must learn to discern between the two. This comes with the soul awakening, growing, strengthening and perceiving. This comes with a greater capacity to love, and awaken to love. This comes with a deep desire to serve and to be God’s instrument in the world. And it comes with humility, my beloved friends. 

For many of you here, humility is a difficult thing to come by in the quality and quantity that is required. Each of you carry a measure of humility and you understand what humility is. You do not carry it as your talisman, your expression that is dominant and beautiful in the light. You must learn the lesson of humility. Many learn this lesson by hard knocks, as you would call it. The difficult decisions made that create difficult outcomes causing you pain, sometimes humiliation, I would say and a disregard for your own personal well-being. Your self esteem suffers from this. 

This is the human way of encountering the world. It is the way you have been taught. It is the way you express yourself because, as children, you copied those who are your mentors, your parents and your teachers. You find your way within the groove of human interaction and expectation. Yet you have come to encounter your celestial friends. The touch of God upon your soul has brought this opportunity to you. You begin to see that their perspective, the perspective of the soul that they teach you about, is very different from the mindful perspective that is so common in the human condition. 

Are you willing to be the mavericks? The one who walks the road less traveled. Are you willing to be different? Are you willing to speak the truth unflinchingly, not worried about the judgments of others? Realising that they come from that place of mind that I have described. In this they cannot possibly know the Truth of God’s Love in the way that you do because you have put aside, at least momentarily, the impediments of mindful and human condition. 

This we are slowly and surely developing you toward, the reality of soul consciousness, the development and awakening of soul perceptions, wisdom and gifts. This is the next step in human evolution. To have these faculties and abilities awakened and expressed in the world. This you are aspiring to teach and to be an example of it. In this you wish to serve humanity by being that teacher and that example. You cannot dance between the two conditions, those two places of thought, awareness, and being, where the mindful condition is your predominant state. Indeed, we do not expect you to be one hundred percent within your soul mind. We expect you to know it and to, at will, go to that place. It is possible, and it is probable, if you continue to seek the gift of this love. 

In the meantime, each of you are at a different place of understanding and experiencing the consciousness of soul and your connection with your Creator. Each of you are unified in the desire to be in that consciousness. To develop your soul in love, the great Elixir, the Essence of God, pouring therein, and changing you forever. This each of you are sure of. You do not have doubts, even though you may question. There is a true awareness and understanding of it. With this, you have set your feet upon the road of truth. How far you may go, how quickly you may walk, how much you may learn, know, and grow within is entirely dependent upon you. 

We give, and we give, and we give unceasingly without judgment, without any resentment. We do not possess these expressions because those aspects of human personality are long gone within us. We are Celestial Angels. We do God’s bidding. We bring His blessings forth. We do so in love. We do so in the generosity and magnificence of God’s Touch upon us and through us to you. We are with you, beloved souls, forever. We are your brothers and sisters. We are the ones that shall guide, uphold and protect. We are the ones that encourage and inspire. We are the ones showing you the way. God has provided His angels for your benefit in this regard. 

It is time to seriously consider your travels upon this road of truth and to be humble, steadfast and true to that which is of this road, all that is of this road. God wishes for you to stride upon it with ease, confidence and faith. To trust upon the road that you are traveling and to seek out ways and means that you may integrate and adopt the beautiful truths that are being given to you almost daily. There is an abundance of truth. In the way that we are conveying it is through an instrument which requires material mind and body to do so. Yet, you must bring this truth deep within you, these many truths that are given. Think and contemplate. Ruminate and pray upon these things so that you may commune with truth in such a way that it sinks deep within your soul. 

When you need the resources that are being given and developed in you, and that time will come my friends, I assure you, then they will be at your fingertips. You will have what you require and the gifts within will blossom forth like a beautiful garden. Many will  gaze upon this garden in awesome appreciation of what you may give, what you may express, what you are as a light. 
Indeed, as you dedicate yourself in service and think how you may bring the Truth of God’s Love to the world, know that each step you take, when it is a step upon this path that I describe, you will be upheld. You will be guided. You will see your way clearly. You will feel the blessings of God’s Love pour upon you in abundance. The magnificence of this light shall surround you and embody you. You will truly be the instrument that you aspire to be. You must make the step. You must make the effort. You must see through the eyes of your soul the great opportunities that God is flooding into you, into your consciousness, many opportunities each and every day. 

Now it is for you to decide. It is for you to choose. It is for you to be in that condition of light and harmony with your soul so that you may truly see and understand. Then indeed, the conditions that you are in now, you will glean some truth and step back into the human condition, and place your interpretation upon it. This is very typical. As you continue to move forward in the light of truth, in the truth of your own soul, the awareness of your own soul consciousness, you will step forward into it more readily. The path will be worn and will be clear. You will find yourself able to step into this at will, the consciousness coming into you in your prayers, contemplations and desires. Insights will flood into your consciousness, often unbidden. 

This instrument can attest to this. He brings through many insights and perspectives that he does not fabricate within his mind, at least his material mind. Rays of insight flood into his soul consciousness. When he is in the proper condition,he  can convey them to those he is speaking to or himself. This is the result of many years of practice. I do not wish for you to compare yourself with him. Everyone is unique as everyone’s travels are unique upon this path. I only give you an example for you to know it is possible. You will find for yourself this possibility, this truth. 

There is much work to do, my friends. When we say the time grows short, we say so with all seriousness. You only have a short window to develop, to grow, to awaken. We are doing everything we can in our power to help you in this regard. God is doing everything that God can do to help you. Everything is in alignment. The resources are arrayed in your favour. Few who have walked the world have been given so much, so readily and so quickly. Do not squander the opportunities given, beloved friends. Seek in faith, desire and prayer. Ask what can be given. Open yourself accordingly. Do not doubt what may come. For much will be given that can and will astound you, and at times shaken you, at times become revelatory, at times it will even become humorous. There are many aspects to the blessings of God.

It is for you to discover all the elements, all that is of God. To know this in the joy of recognition, in the wonderment of understanding, in the awesomeness of truth, in the great blessing that comes with love. In this, you will learn humility. You will know the depth, breadth and extent of God’s grace. You will live within that grace, and you will know the fulfillment of your soul’s purpose and desire to fulfill God’s intention and plan for each one of you and all of you collectively. 

I speak seriously, my beautiful brothers and sisters. For you want to know, and I want to tell you. We do not keep secrets from you, though we can only tell you to the extent you are willing to listen, and able to comprehend. As your souls grow, so the capacity to comprehend truth will grow with it. This is one of the magnificent abilities of the soul. Seek out your soul, and seek out God with your soul and earnest prayer. You will find the wonders of God’s creation, God’s great Soul. 

The magnificence of the great Oversoul of God and how He loves you so, beyond anything you could understand, beyond the comprehension of even us in the Celestial Kingdom. The extent and breadth of His Love is infinite and shall be given for all eternity, provided you walk this path of which I speak. 

May God bless you, beloved friends. I am Bartholomew. I come to encourage you and teach you, and will do so again and again to help you upon your way. My beautiful friends, who struggle with the human condition and yet continue to drink of the waters, the Living Waters of God’s Love. How fortunate you are to know these waters, to quench the thirst of your soul and to continue to seek out your awakening through this beautiful truth and venture that is of the highest and most magnificent blessing. 

God bless you, my friends. My love is with you always, beloved souls. In the Truth of God’s Love, so you shall walk, and so I shall follow and be with you along with many, many others as we follow the footsteps of our beloved brother, Jesus, upon this road for all eternity. God bless you. God bless you. 