---
title: "We Are All Needed as Harbingers to Hold Up the Tent of Truth"
menu_title: "Moses and Jesus on We Are All Needed as Harbingers to Hold Up the Tent of Truth"
date: 2024-11-27 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# We Are All Needed as Harbingers to Hold Up the Tent of Truth 

September 1<sup>st</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 

May the mighty blessings of the Father’s Love be with us all. I thank you dear child for your heartfelt prayer, for every word rang with truth. I commend you in your desires and efforts to reach for the highest. I am Moses, Moses of the Bible, the one who led his people to the Promised Land and the one who struggled with all his people to find their way to God. I urge you on in your search and your desire to find truth. How vitally important it is for each of you to truly find that solid ground of truth and love that nourishes your soul. For this journey is not one of mindful pursuits, rather one that is nurturing and opening the soul to truth. Thus you have found the way and means to do so. 

You continue to struggle, I know. This world of yours is not a world that encourages love, peace and harmony. Rather it is the opposite. Your governments, your societies, your religions all point to power and judgement and do not put love forward as the great way to find harmony. It is a sad state of affairs, but this condition has existed for a very, very long time. You, my beloved friends, have the opportunity to change this world. As you change yourselves, as you put aside those well-worn ideas and habits, expressions of a mind so well-trained and well-entrenched in what in many ways is error, which can be circumvented by the power of the love that you pray for. That gift from God that gave to you the momentum and the ability to step beyond the human condition, to step higher into the realms of truth, is offered freely to each and every one of you. You come together today to affirm this offering, this gift from God. I acknowledge each one of you in your sincerity and desire to be with God and to know His Love. 

Can you imagine your world filled with love, filled with the expression of love, filled with the desire to love, to accept, to join one another in a mutual effort to uphold humanity and to encourage harmony, to teach the simple truths that are universal, to be an example of what love might do not only for the personal soul, but for the world? If the world can reach that place and be in that condition that is in far greater harmony than it is now, then these efforts will reverberate through the spheres of spirit into the Celestial Heavens. The world would reclaim light, harmony and peace. The spirit world would follow, for what happens on your world has a great influence on what happens in the lower spheres of spirit. You could not only change the world, my friends, with your efforts, but change other worlds as well. When this world becomes a great light, can you imagine what you would draw to this planet of yours? Those from other worlds seeing this light, a beacon, will be drawn. 

Indeed, forces for good and blessings for all will be given in great abundance. What is important is to start the momentum towards this goal. Each one of you who know the ways and means of fueling the great transformation of love in your lives are responsible to help build that momentum. You do so with every prayer. You do so with every act of love and kindness. You do so when, instead of judgement, you offer acceptance and love. You do so when you go to God and drink of the Heavenly Waters of Love that your soul is nourished and it grows with this nourishment. Indeed, as you continue on this journey, seeking out God’s blessings, you become a greater light. You become the momentum toward change. You become the example as to what that change may look like. Though you are still human and flawed and all of those things that come with living on this Earth, you edge toward that which is pure, beautiful and of love.

Have faith in what God has to give to you. As the Holy Spirit continues to flow into your soul bringing the elixir of Love, as you take each day as an opportunity learn, to grow and to change, you then dedicate yourself to a great plan that God has for humanity to bring humanity back to His bosom, to bring love and harmony back to this world. You are the harbingers of this truth. You are the ones that carry the torch and the banner. In time you will have the opportunity, each one of you, each one will have the opportunity to be that great channel of love for God, to be that harbinger of truth for God. For God will ensure that you are noticed and that others may see you for what you are, your light shining. With every breath you will bring the truth. 

My beloved and beautiful friends, do not shirk your responsibility. Do not shirk the desire of your soul to seek out God with every breath, to be with God with every breath. In this way, you will become the leaders that you are meant to be. You will be God’s instruments to bring about the great change that must come to your world. Be at peace, my beloved friends. Know, truly know that you are loved, surrounded by your angel friends, blessed by God’s great Holy Spirit, uplifted by truth that comes from many sources, upheld in light. These things God gives to you generously and abundantly. God will never forsake you. We will never forsake you. We are with you and shall remain with you all the days of your life. 

Be true to the desires of your soul. Be strong in this desire, sincere in your prayers and loving in your demeanour. All else will fall into place as you continue on the road toward greater truth and greater love. I am Moses and I come to support you, uphold you and in hope of inspiring you toward greater heights of light and love. Carry the truth wherever you go, beloved souls. Be that harbinger of light and truth for the world. As you step forward in this way, all the resources of Heaven and Earth shall be with you to uphold you and to guide you. God bless you, beloved souls. God bless you. 

**[Jesus]** On the heels of my brother’s wisdom, I come to bless you, beloveds. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. I come once again to uphold you and to affirm the truth with you. I come to bring love. I come to inspire you to open your souls wide to this blessing. I come because I love you. Beloveds, be blessed in the grace and glory of the Father’s Love. Find comfort and peace with this gift. I shall walk with you for all the days of your life. I shall walk with you upon the road of truth with the blessings of love pouring upon you, awakening you, healing you and uplifting you. God bless you, beloved souls. I am with you. I am Jesus and I love you. 