---
title: "You Continue to Progress"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem says You Continue to Progress"
date: 2024-11-05 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# You Continue to Progress

August 20<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike 

God bless you, beloved souls. I am Seretta Kem. I wish to assure you that you are continuing to progress in the ways of love, in the ways of your own soul development by receiving the great gift of the Divine Love. Though you do not see your lives changing so radically, there are many changes taking place within you and they will soon manifest around you. Attitudes, perceptions, capacities for wisdom and the ability to deliberate upon difficult situations with greater ease and greater wisdom are all developing within each one of you. At times, this development, this growth may cause some friction or conflict within you for your mind often has trouble catching up to your soul’s progress. Still, the progress comes. It is deep within you. It is that storehouse of light that builds within you. It is that beautiful soul of yours that God has created, unique in all its gifts and abilities that continues to flourish as you pray for the Father’s Love, as you pray to be uplifted, cleansed and transformed.

My beloved friends, there is still a way to go, but do not feel that you are stuck in some quagmire of dilemmas and conditions that are not able to be touched by the Love of God. The Love of God, the power of it, the wonderment of this gift will bring resolution to all things in time. You will continue to feel the push and pull of your mindful and soulful perceptions, conditions, and perspectives. This is inevitable since you live upon an earthly plane that is so diverse and so filled with darkness. You seek the higher path and you will continue to know the benefits of that effort.
 
As for the world and its condition, humanity continues to prattle along in its ignorance, its strife, its idealism and its pessimism, all of the conditions that are within the mind that are reflected outward onto the Earth. There is much good that is being done to uplift others. Certainly on levels of personal interaction, there is much love and goodwill between many. Yet, there is also fear and conditions that are not yet made obvious to the conscious self. Thus, the dichotomy of the human condition continues to have its effects upon the Earth. Apathy and ignorance are the greatest detriments to the earthly condition, that deep desire not to look beyond the surface, an inclination to think of one’s own personal life and desires as a priority over the blessings and what can come to all those around each individual if they have the inclination to serve and to give in love to one another.

It is often too difficult for humanity to look at the depth and scope of suffering in the world. When that vision is opened, there is horror, repulsion and a deep desire to retreat back into ignorance. For ignorance they said it is bliss and to some degree, it is. But that bliss will often lead to greater pain in the future. It is important that each of you look deeply and clearly into yourselves, into the world around you and recognise the conditions that are inherent in that world.

My beloved friends, it takes strength and perception. It takes faith and love. It takes wisdom and persistence to maintain the light around you and within you and to act accordingly, to be that instrument for God whatever way that each day brings as an opportunity to serve. There is so much work to do. There is so much pain and suffering to heal, to rectify and bring into light. I do not wish you to be overwhelmed by these perceptions, but merely informed so that when you live your life which is filled with comfort and luxuries, many things that would contradict this idea that there is darkness and suffering, that you will see more clearly of what I speak and what your angel friends and stellar friends have told you so often.

Your world is in a dreadful condition and it continues to worsen. Our efforts, when multiplied over and over again by others, will have their effects to neutralise these conditions. As we have said many times, God has a plan to help neutralise the darkness and bring humanity to a place where their eyes are opened and they come to understand all of the difficult conditions that have been created by untold choices and actions that reflect this dark condition. Yes, it is important to open your eyes. It is important for humanity to open its eyes, not in judgement, not in blaming others, pointing fingers and having great fits of anger toward the injustices of the world. 

This is also part of the human condition, and in many respects does not cause much in the way of rectification, bringing light to the world. It is love that is needed, love that is required from each individual to forgive and to accept, to embrace and to bring greater wisdom and higher truth to each and every soul that they meet. This is what we ask of you, my beloved friends, to bring higher truth to each and every soul who is receptive to this. To bring love to every soul, to try to live your life in harmony with that which is in harmony with God’s laws of creation, God’s laws of love. 

So we continue to stand by your side to help influence and inspire, to help teach and uplift. This is all that we can do, my beloved friends, for the power of free will in the world is great. We cannot intervene where intervention is not desired or with those who are not open to it. Rather, we must be patient and persistent, prayerful, seeking the blessings of God to intervene, seeking the blessings of love to help neutralise the darkness. It is for you to see your own capacity to do so. Your own channel of love is so precious and important. So I urge you not to judge. When you fall into judgement, stop yourself. Curtail that flow of dark energies and expressions, and turn it into love. 

I know it is difficult when you see so many suffering. I know you have a great deal of problems and difficulties, seeing the world as it is and not responding either in despair or anger or a lack of compassion and empathy for those who do wrong. Yet, this is the higher road. This is the road toward your own redemption, your own purification and your own transformation. Do not allow the human condition to pollute the purity that you so strive to create within you and around you. It is a struggle, I know, and yet you have many who seek to help and uphold. God blesses you so. You will find your way. You will find peace and you will release those conditions that lead you astray as you become less human and more divine. These things will not be so powerful. Nor will they affect your thinking, your feelings and your actions. Instead you will know the freedom and joy that is love pure, simple, powerful, the Love of God uplifting, the Love of God bringing the perceptions required so that you may have deep compassion for your brothers and sisters, that you may have deep compassion for yourselves as well.. The wisdom that will come from the soul will dictate your actions and the guidance that will come from God will bring harmony to your efforts.

Beloved souls, you are lights. At times, your light flickers but still it persists. It is the most powerful part of you. Allow it to be the only part, the most beautiful, resilient and wondrous part of you. The light of your soul influencing everything else that is you, so you may truly be God’s channels of love, pure, and powerful. You have all that you require to walk this road. As you grow within, the great transformation that is happening in your soul, manifestations that you so desire to have readily available through you, will indeed come to pass. These things are earned and they are given with soul progression, soul effort and discipline of the mind. You will come to know these things as you progress, my friends. Always God gives you blessings in reward to your progression and your efforts. You are loved truly, but the laws pertain to these matters. Blessings are given readily but these things that I speak of, in terms of manifestation, come as a secondary gift to the great gift of soul transformation and purity.

God bless you, my friends. I am Seretta Kem and I love you all so much. I am by your side always as are so many. Continue in your progression, beloveds. Be God’s children of light, pure and beautiful. God bless you. God bless you all.