---
title: "You Are All Holy Ones!"
menu_title: "Yogananda says You Are All Holy Ones!"
date: 2024-11-29 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# You Are All Holy Ones! 

September 13<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A.

Received by Al Fike 

May the blessings of the Divine Love enter into your souls. Is this not what you come for? Is this not what you seek? I am Yogananda and I come to encourage you and to bring to you my message about love. You are all holy ones. For you have dipped into the well that is holy and you have nourished yourselves from this well, the Divine Source, the great Holy One who has made this gift possible. You have all partaken of it, so you are all holy ones. Within your soul, that light shines. That special light that is the Essence of God shining forth, glowing, signalling to the world that indeed you walk as a holy one. You are at-one together in this holiness. 

My beloved friends, what is the thing that holds the universe together, that is infused in the universe, an element that has been created by God, the Creator, that makes the universe whole? It is love. It is love. Indeed, God gave you the capacity to love from the very beginning of your creation and that, you call the natural love. That is what I spoke of extensively when I walked the Earth not that long ago. Yet, there is a higher love, a higher love. A Holy Love that is directly from God. A gift given that our beloved Master, Jesus, taught and opened the doors to this gift. A gift that had been long lost by humanity and was refound and rekindled by the efforts and blessings of Jesus. 

I honoured Jesus in my teachings. I honoured love. For what is an individual who is a teacher of spiritual truth if he does not put first and foremost love? For love is a transformative energy, the blessing that brings deep spirituality, deep understanding of the soul. When that love is of God, then there is no higher love. There is no greater blessing. It transforms and reorganises the soul into something so very beautiful and harmonious, expressing its true essence, true gifts through the individual. I urge you, my friends, to seek out this gift always, to realise that the very essence and desire within you is to know this gift, to know it well and to receive it abundantly, for with it comes a journey toward at-onement with the great Creator. 

You are truly a part of Him and He a part of you if you receive this gift. Do not doubt it. Do not ignore it. Do not put it aside for other things, but make it your priority, your first and foremost desire and prayer. In this, you will find your way through the passageways, hallways and roads toward Heaven. It will come as you grow in this love. Wisdom will come, understanding, truth. All good and wondrous things will come to you with the inclusion and the transformation that comes with this gift. God made it easy for everyone to receive and to follow this road of love. So few understand it, and so few take up the invitation to receive it. 

Yet here today, in this Circle of Light, is a wondrous group of holy ones who have brought within their heart the Truth of Love, who try so diligently to walk the road of love and to be God’s beautiful beacons and instruments, channels of love in the world. What an honour it is for me to be with you today, to acknowledge you and your efforts, even though I know you feel unheard and unseen, but God has heard you. God has seen you, and God has great joy at your efforts and your light. God’s greatest desire is that this increases and grows. That your souls may be transformed and awakened in the great power of love, the cohesion of love, the transformation of love. 

Soon you will find that many will be drawn. Though there are many seeking, that seeking is somewhat subtle at this time. The ardour of the soul is not truly realised by the conscious individual, but it is coming. God is blessing this world and filling each soul with a deep desire to know truth. Even though their minds are in control and that desire is squelched by other things that bring that mind awake and in desire. In time, the yearnings of the soul will be felt, bringing to many a discomfort and an interest in knowing why they feel so hollow inside, so bereft. They will find the answer, for amongst us today are those who can give it and there are others as well, holy ones who may give the truth. 

My beloved friends, you are the carriers of the Living Waters. You are the harbingers of the truth of the soul. You are the channels and instruments that God will use to bring these things into the world. Acknowledge this within yourself and do not doubt your abilities, your capacities, your light. For each of you carry this. The Light of God’s Love continues to awaken these attributes within you. They will be forward and expressed clearly. My beloved friends, every teacher has their struggles. I had my struggles, but I had my triumphs as well. I did not turn away when the first individual said, *“I do not believe you and I do not want to hear of you.”* No, I persisted. I persisted and indeed, many thousands of individuals have heard my teachings.

Yet you, my friends, carry higher truth. You have more to teach than I did and you will teach these things. You will, my friends, I promise you. You will, and you will have me and many others who will accompany you on your journeys, your attempts and your efforts to teach this powerful truth in all its simplicity and all its glory that shall be given. It must be given, for God has a plan to give these truths to humanity and in giving these truths, offering a choice for individuals to follow or to not follow. This is the way of God, for God has given each individual free will and the ability to choose. 

They will see that there is a choice and they will choose, but they must be offered the choice. They must be given that opportunity to see that there is a choice. It is for you, your responsibility as the ones who know, to offer this truth to others. To share it and say, *“I have received the greatest of blessings and I feel its power within me. This beauty, this Essence of God has now been brought into my life and carries me forward in the truth of it, in the beauty of it, in the grace of it.”* 

The individual does not need to follow strict ideas and dogmas. No, my friends, this truth is so simple that the individual may just utter one simple prayer, that “God may infill my soul with your love.” How simple can this be, to try this, to exercise your will toward God and ask for this blessing? You need not join a church or follow an individual. There are no gurus in this journey. There are only brothers and sisters who say, *“Yes, I have experienced this. I am a part of this truth and my soul is growing within it. I will love you. I will be your brother or sister. I will be with you as you journey if that is what you wish.”* 

Do not turn anyone away who is seeking, but be with them in love. Accept them for who they are. Know that God has a plan for each individual soul in the world, and that if you are a part of His plan, then you will meet. You will connect and you will journey together for some time, maybe all the time that you have on this Earth. How wonderful it is that God brings you together today, and how God will work to bring many others into the fold and show them the way of truth.

My beloved friends, you have much work to do. You must indeed continue to grow in the Father’s Love so that you are prepared and clear and beautiful lights in the world. Now you are part human and part transformed. Soon you will feel the power of this transformation, clearing away any debris, any conditions that would hold you back from the great transformation that is the Love of God in your soul, making your soul something different, something beautiful, something closer to God. 

My friends, I thank you for listening to me today. On this auspicious day, you speak of number thirteen. In my culture it is a blessing. Think of it this way. Think of it this way. Today is a great blessing upon you, auspicious and beautiful. I am Yogananda and I love you. Oh, how I love each one of you, precious jewels in this great necklace of love. Beautiful, beautiful and unique, each one. God bless you. My love is with you. God bless you. 