---
title: "You Are Growing in Light as Emissaries of God"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine says You Are Growing in Light as Emissaries of God"
date: 2024-05-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# You Are Growing in Light as Emissaries of God

March 18<sup>th</sup>, 2024

Sydney, Australia

Received by Al Fike 

My friends, I am your teacher, Augustine. The conditions of your Earth are filled with diverse thoughts, intentions and energies that are, for the most part, dark. They obscure the truth so well that many who walk upon the earthly plane have no way of knowing the simple truth, the truth that you speak of, the truth that we speak of, because they are surrounded by contrary thoughts, conditions contrary to love. When you remark and complain that so few are upon this Path Divine, it is a true observation, but I wish for you to have compassion for those who are lost, those who are seeking and those who find various, exotic paths to travel that are a reflection of this earthly condition in which you live. 

You are the exceptional ones, the ones that have found their way into the pure Truth of God’s Love, the highest path of all. So few find their way to this path. This is why we encourage you to be the emissaries of truth, the ones who bring light, the ones who are a channel for God. Because this is needed greatly to clear the air, to bring the purity and the light. Not with the insistence and that judgment that says, *“Why are you following a path that is in error?”* This does not bring others to you, beloved souls. It merely creates more barriers. Yet, when you are loving, open and embracing, the individual whom you are embracing is receptive, feels the love, lets down their barriers and is open. This is the way of being God’s channel of love, and I suggest that each of you hone this capacity. Some of you are, indeed, more capable of such things, while others have their minds in the way and, indeed, a sense of urgency and impatience. In this way, you obstruct God’s Will through you. 

Indeed, these times are crucial and the time grows short. But you cannot as an individual change this, alter these conditions. It is in the very fact of your existence at this time that the world is on the verge of great change. How may you prepare? We have explained this to you many times. To pray, to pray and to pray. To be with God, to hone that alignment with your Creator by receiving ever greater quantities of His Essence, the Divine Love, within your soul. This will bring wisdom. This will open the door to God’s guidance to each of you. In this alignment, you will not go astray. You will not force various intentions and ideas to bring humanity to the truth that are of your own making, but are not necessarily in alignment with God’s plan.

You are required to know God’s plan. But in order to know God’s plan, you have to know your own soul. In knowing your own soul, then you are open to God’s guidance. Therefore, God’s plan is revealed accordingly. I know each of you wishes for a detailed outline of what God’s plan is. Your minds are running at full tilt with your imaginations, your ideas, your assumptions as to what that plan is. Your desire to be useful and productive within that plan often is a reflection of your ambitions and your mindful intentions. Rather, be at peace, beloved brothers and sisters. Be at peace and know as you continue to pray, seek and long for this gift of Love, the revelations will come, the understanding will be realised.

My dear and beloved daughter, whether you understand this or not, when you are inspired to help bring others together, you are actually following God’s guidance. Your mind is intensely engaged in details, so it is difficult to see below that level of functioning. Yet, where do these ideas and inspirations come from? They come from your soul and they come from God. Do you think there are many who have such gifts? No, my beloved daughter. There are few. Your efforts and your abilities are, indeed, precious to God. God utilises these things in order to realise connections, interconnections amongst people in order to weave that Web of Light together. 

You are a mainstay among those who carry the banner of Divine Love. Many do not feel alone because of you, because of your efforts, because of your loving and gracious ways toward them. Indeed you apply the wisdom of your soul with the idea and intention of creating greater harmony and to be in alignment with God’s Will. You have many gifts, beloved daughter, many gifts that are needed at this time in this world. Your beloved mate, so very different from yourself, his gifts made obvious through such things as now as I speak to you. But this does not mean that your gifts are any less important than his. Together you make a formidable team, a formidable effort to draw many to you. Together you help to be the glue that holds this organization together. God is pleased. God is joyful because there are lights such as yourselves who are willing to step forward, who are willing to do this work, who are willing to overcome obstacles and conditions, those slings and arrows that are cast before you. You do not flinch, but you carry forward in faith, in love and desire to serve God. 

We continue to work through you both and through this dear and beloved son who desires to be God’s instrument. He does well to observe you both, to see how you work and flow within the plan of God’s Will and desire for humanity. He too, in his day, will do so and powerfully so, dynamically so. There are others who shall join in this great plan for the salvation of humanity. You will all find great joy and great accomplishment in this effort. Yet the timing is important. Do not run ahead of what is God’s time. Rather be patient and compassionate and joyful in what is now, rather than what can be. Appreciate what is in the now and walk upon the path in faith, in peace, in joy.

In this stance of light, you will garner more guidance. You will see more clearly. You will understand with greater ability through the faculties of your soul, that which you are required to do, that which is important at the moment. Every breath, every moment brings an opportunity, a blessing from God. Seize that moment. Seize what God has to give and be joyful in your demeanour, in who you are and where you are. Is it not extraordinary to be where you are at this very moment, to have the gifts and blessings that are presented to you, to be in that place of opportunity as a servant of God? 

Do not fret and worry over the details, over those conditions and situations that are not altogether important. Rather be clear in your mind and your soul your desires to serve and all will flow in accordance to this, all will manifest in harmony, peace and joy. Do not worry or be fearful, but be patient and wise so that God may utilise your many gifts and God may continue to bless you and awaken more gifts and more abilities. There is so much within each one of you that is yet to be realised and opened. Indeed, what is open now is well utilised by God and by His angels. So it shall be, beloved souls. So it shall be. In the course of your life and the flow of your life, in harmony with the flow of God’s Will, you are walking along that path. Do not worry about how others walk. Be at peace and know that you walk upon the path that God has designated for you and is given to you in Love. In Love, all is given. 

May you be blessed, my beloved students. Your teacher, Augustine, loves you dearly and will continue to guide you in accordance to your needs, in accordance to what is required to assist you on the journey, to help you to gain wisdom and insight along the way. My love is with you. My love is with you. God bless you.