---
title: "Be At One With God"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion says Be At One With God"
date: 2024-07-22 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Be At One With God

May 18<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



My friends, Orion is here once again to be with my beautiful friends who are eager seekers of truth who take their journey toward light, truth and love seriously and consistently as they live their lives. Oh, how we wish this for every soul upon your planet that they may find their way toward that which will nourish and awaken the soul. For humanity has put much effort and energy into their minds, their material minds and as a result, there are many material benefits, many things that have been created by man through their efforts to understand the universe in a mechanical and material way.

Unfortunately, this has led to a great imbalance in the nature of man, having the intellect predominant, discrediting the emotions, the feelings and most of all discrediting the soul. Many feel as if they were soulless, that there is nothing there within them other than that which is operating within the material sense and perception. This is because they do not acknowledge or perceive anything greater than this. If they do, often this is repressed or discounted. 

You have gone a very different direction, my beloved friends, although you too still honour your mind more than your soul. I do not wish to offend anyone with this statement but in our observation of you and it is true. With the vast majority of the time spent in your world, your daily routines, the mind takes precedence and the mind is used to navigate the events of your day. This is not an altogether undesirable thing. Yet a balance is needed. This is why you come, day in and day out in prayer, seeking guidance and seeking and contemplating truth, because you know and feel there is a need for balance. There is a need to nurture the soul. For you have nurtured the mind, or at least, through your life experiences, your mind has taken precedence and has been trained well. Yet the soul, that amorphous thing within you that seems so different and yet so compelling, also needs training and also needs development. Thus, you go to God to ask for His blessing of Love that ignites the soul to life. Also, you need to understand how to navigate and explore the recesses of your soul, to put focus and your consciousness upon it and within it so that you may know it well.

This is not only your challenge and your invitation but the invitation to humanity. You are the forerunners of what must happen for all. Thus, you are wiser and more experienced than many, many others. So it is we who continue to support you and uphold you so that you may indeed share your insights, your experiences, your stories, your understanding of truth with those who do not understand and have not yet experienced these things. The difficulty is that you experience much within your soul in a unique way. It is not as if this is a standard and formulaic approach to soul development. Of course, there are some aspects of this development that all must comply with. They are simple and they are few. Yet, what comes of this is unique to each individual. Their personality, their emotional makeup, their material chemistry. Many, many aspects of the individual come into play in terms of what is consciously experienced when one is in that state of soul consciousness. 

The actual and pure state of soul consciousness cannot truly be explained. But the manifestations, the imagery, the feelings, all those things that are a part of but yet not entirely the soul are experienced by the individual in its own unique way. Thus, what they would share to another would indicate this uniqueness. Yet, underneath that, there are certain things that are consistent, that of the feeling of love that comes from God, that energy that God presents to you from what you call the Holy Spirit is consistent with every individual, for it is a law enacted and manifest. Though, what that ignites and how you may feel, how you may approach these feelings and experiences is entirely up to you for you possess free will.

In the sharing of these things, you acknowledge with one another the reality of this blessing of Love from God and the reality of your soul, emerging, developing and opening to this gift. Thus, you have much to share my friends and I urge you to share, not only to one another but with the world.

The world needs to know that there are other levels of consciousness, other ways of viewing life, other ways of experiencing life, ways that are much more harmonious with the Laws of God, God’s creation, God’s Laws of Love. These are the ways in which the potentials of the individual soul may be developed, opened, honed and expressed. This is the next step for humanity, although this has been available to humanity for a very long time. Indeed, because of the powerful distractions that your world creates for you in your lifetime, it is not acknowledged often. There are glimpses, there are times, short but sweet, where the soul emerges into your consciousness and you feel the upliftment and the joy of it. 

You must teach the joy of this experience. You must experience for yourself, the joy of the soul expansive in God’s Love, that this feeling, this knowing, this level of consciousness brings far greater gratification and joy than anything else in your world, even the love between two mates, the love between mother and child, the love of something that you enjoy in the world. Indeed, these are powerful things and they are beautiful things, yet, the love that you will experience with God is of the highest. It is the most beautiful thing. It is the most refined love. It is the greatest gift, so you must teach this. 

My beloved friends, teach the truth of this love, that all its simplicity and all its expressions. It is not a difficult thing to teach. It is difficult to reach as the individual  comes to terms with this level of consciousness. It takes discipline and time, persistence and effort. For some it comes readily. These are the gifted ones. For some it is a great struggle. It might even be a lifetime of struggle. This is more common. This is something that is a great impediment to the growth of humanity. For it is difficult to overcome the structures of the mind, the rigidity of the mind and go to that place of soul, but it is possible. As we have said many times, the changes that are coming as the Earth continues to evolve and slough off the human condition will encourage and direct many toward this consciousness. For what else will humanity have to explore and to experience when all the distractions of your material world have disappeared? This will be a great time for your instrumentality, my friends, a great time indeed. You will have the doors open to you that you might teach and show many a different way of being in the world. This is part of the plan that is spoken of, the Divine plan that is in action at this time.

My beloved friends, you continue to prepare and we continue to prepare you, many of us are involved and engaged in this effort to help you and others become those beacons of light in the world, to become harbingers of love, peace, comfort and truth, to be a loving channel for many. Be consistent in your efforts. Do not allow the material conditions which indeed challenge each of you to direct you away from this soul consciousness. Rather, put these conditions in their proper place and proper time. Put God in the forefront of your consciousness. Pray for everything. Be with God in all things and you will find a great difference in your attitudes, your perceptions and your feelings and you will be well on your way to true and pure soul consciousness. Do not linger and do not falter, my friends, but be true to your true selves and be with God. For this is what this part of you is capable of, in time, at-onement with God. What a glorious idea to be at-one with God and yet, to be yourself, to be distinct and unique and with God in this closest of close relationship.

May you be blessed, my beloved friends. Continue to forge ahead upon the Path Divine and see for yourselves in all its glory and wonderment, depth and breadth, what it means to be in your soul and in this, to be in communion with your Creator. God bless you, my friends, I am Orion and I love you dearly, will continue to uphold you and speak to you of these things that are so important, so vital, so beautiful. God bless you.