---
title: "Come to Know the Reality of Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Peter the Apostle says Come to Know the Reality of Love"
date: 2023-01-13 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Come to Know the Reality of Love

January 9<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Houston, Texas, U.S.A.

Received by Al Fike



What is the reality of love? I am Peter and I come to assure you that, as changes happen upon your Earth, it is the foundation of love and the reality of love that shall carry you through all that shall manifest in your world and so you must ask yourself: *“What is the reality of love?”* It is not the reality of the flesh and the material and all that is made of man. It is the reality of God. And we urge you to discover this reality, to nurture it in your being, in your actions, in who you are. 

The reality of love is capable of weathering any storm, of bypassing much pain, of creating for each individual that which they need to survive physically, that which is of the emotional and the spiritual. The power of love, Divine Love, is what will carry you, beloved souls. If it were other than this, we would be guiding you as to material preparations, things that you must do to insulate yourself from the growing chaos of the world. But I say to you, no preparations, no insulation no matter how well contrived, no physical intervention will keep you from what must come and what must be in the world. Rather it is your capacity to be in alignment with God, to be in alignment with all that is of God, His reality, and as you know, God Is Love.

So we come back to this question: *‘What is the reality of love?’* You must pursue the answer to this question everyday, my beloveds. The answer must come through the eyes of your soul, penetrating the eyes of the flesh so that you may be clear in your perceptions, that you may know without a doubt, who you are and how you are a part of the reality of love. Seek first the great blessing of God, His highest truth and blessing.It is the foundation that must be laid and is being laid first and foremost, my beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters. Through this great foundation, through living the reality of love, all else will follow and will manifest. I know this sounds simplistic, I know that within your material world, so complex and made so complex by the will of man that this does not satisfy your curiosity, your questions regarding your fate. Yet I say, with the foundation laid, all other things shall follow, all questions will be answered. Awakenings of the soul will bring truth and insight and wisdom. You will not stumble and fall into the abyss as so many will. Instead, you will flourish in the reality of love and you will find your way to God more clearly as the tumult is taking place. 

Your reality and experience will be that of peace and love and you will carry others to that place of sanctuary, that place that does indeed insulate one from the burgeoning and strengthening conditions of man. Yet your minds are reticent. The desires of your flesh are strong and your spirit is caught between your will and imaginings of the flesh and that of your soul. It is strained this way and that and so your mind produces many explanations for this stress and condition, yet within your soul are simple answers that are clear and unequivocal as you find yourself journeying toward that place that is truly you, that place that sits upon the foundation of truth and the wonderings will be no more. For the musings will not be that of the mind, instead coming from the knowings and perceptions of the soul which has far greater power of truth and understanding than anything you can contrive without it. 
You must trust and have faith in your soul. You must trust and have faith in God and worry not, beloved souls. 

I know there are many possibilities and imagined trials and tribulations that you must go through in these times of change and challenge. But those who are truly in alignment with God, truly innocent and have great faith, shall flow through these conditions without much pain and turmoil. The detachment of the soul is required, not of the mind, not of the spirit, but that place of true wisdom where when one witnesses and perceives the consequences of the actions of men, what comes forth to the soul’s consciousness is deep compassion and understanding of why. Such pain must come. This is love, the reality of love and this shall carry you through, my beloved souls.

Without this reality coming first and foremost into your consciousness, thus giving way to the healing of doubt, fear, confusion, concern and all of those human things and conditions, then you will suffer in accordance to the laws. And yet, the law of love is highest of all and shall bring the greatest peace and healing and knowing. In this you will be set free from all those conditions that you harbor at this time, all that you are, all that is not in alignment with love. For within you when the soul is nurtured and strengthened in accordance with the laws and truth that you have been taught, then freedom will be attained and joy will reign supreme within your consciousness. Within that condition and place of reality, what does it matter, the crumblings of the Earth, the crying out of man seeking solace, seeking to rectify and to retain all that he has created. For when you see from the eyes of the soul you see what a false image he has created, a false reality so intricately made and produced by the imaginings of men. 

You must all come to God and seek solace in this relationship. Seek to be strengthened by His love and embrace, seeking to shift your consciousness, not to that of the spirit but that of the soul. This is where the key resides and true understanding will come. There, great compassion will flow and the joy will be everlasting. Can you do this, beloved souls?  Can you come to God so fully with great vulnerability, trust and faith that He will wipe away all that is of sin, all that is disharmonious, all that is of the eons of man’s creation so that you may be pure and a child of your Creator? 

You cannot will this with your mind, rather it is an act of desire, of openness, of longing. It is not something you can imagine and in place of a mind’s understanding and structure of knowing. It is what is of the soul, pure and untainted by the mind. Come to God, my beloveds. Come to His great throne of love. Sit with Him. Commune with Him and be in the grace of His touch and all else will come to you without great effort, merely as the unfolding of the truth living within you. Love growing, exponentially, transformation complete and yet, never-ending. It is yours for the asking, beloved souls. How many know how to ask? How many understand? So very few and yet if you accomplish this goal and come to that place of knowing and being, how you may lead your brothers and sisters. How you may be the example to follow. How you may be seen and acknowledged by the hungering and desperate souls seeking to be released from their pain, their darkness. Be that light. Know that you shall be that light. Have no doubt. Walk with the strength and tenacity and persistence of a soul in love with God.
 
My beloved friends, you know you step upon a crossroads. You know that much depends upon your choices. Be clear. Understand that, indeed, each step is formidable and important. Allow yourselves to be fully aware of what can be as a result of your choices. Be true to God’s will and plan and you will truly come to that place and know the reality of love. I love you dear and beloved souls. I am Peter. I am with you on these travels. I shall not forsake you, nor will all the angels of heaven, or the beloved Master, Jesus, nor any of light and truth for they are with you in deep desire that you may indeed make this transition, walking upon this path truly and come to come to that awakening of the soul that is so important and needed in your world. God bless you on the journey. May God truly guide you on the journey and may you come to know all that I say, as truth, seen and lived and acknowledged. My beloved souls, I love you and I am with you. God bless you.