---
title: "Continued Soul Awakening"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion speaks on Continued Soul Awakening"
date: 2023-09-23 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Continued Soul Awakening  

July 1<sup>st</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



I come, I’m Orion. You have accomplished much in your time together. You have come to realise within you certain limitations, conditions that are in need of healing and release. But you have also strengthened the bonds between you and in many ways, strengthened the structure that is your group that can be utilised to bring greater light and love to the world. So your progress continues. You continue to acknowledge the need for greater love within your soul, greater portions of this love so that your soul may expand further and develop and transform further in accordance to the needs of this purpose and this gift.

My beloved friends, there is still much work to do. As far as technical efforts that are  required in order to manifest what you call direct voice, much of that work has been completed. Regarding your own receptivity and clarity as a channel for this, there is still a distance to go. You must continue to put prayer as your focus, to receive, to allow, to expand and transform in this gift of God’s great Essence. For as you have been told often, in times to come you are required to be strong and clear, filled with light. And this upon your Earthly plane is not an easy task. The actual functioning of your soul and its ability to receive the gift of God’s Love is well understood amongst you. **It is the environment in which you live, the thoughts that you have in response to that environment, the conditions that move in and out and around your environment that become the challenge, and this requires a great deal of effort to neutralise these conditions and to control them.** But you are well on your way, beloved friends. You are aware of conditions. You have sensitised yourself enough to know and even within your mind you are well aware when you express and feel conditions that are not in harmony with the Laws of Love.

We have great compassion for you, my friends, to live in such an environment and yet seek for the highest condition of love and life. It is not easy but we are there to uphold you and support you and many others as well. So you continue on the journey. You have much to consider from this time together. There is much to recalibrate and to adjust to and to allow the consciousness of the soul, greater power within you, greater potentials discovered and applied. It is important that you take time and consider what is needed, what you can do consciously to rectify any elements or aspects of your life that are not in harmony with God’s Laws of Love. This purity and transformation is important at this time. It is a focus and you have begun this next step together. 

You will continue together to seek to release all that which is not of light. Each of you have a personal responsibility in this regard. Each of you knows within yourself those things and conditions that are not in harmony. And each of you are unique in this regard. Some have great vulnerability in some aspects of personality and behaviour while others do not. Some are intellectually clear on the goal and the way in which to accomplish this goal but have barriers within their souls, those encrustations that hold them back and also biases of the mind. Some have such deep-seated patterns of behaviour that it is very difficult to break them. 

You are all challenged in one way or another and often in multiple ways. Yet you have elected to be part of this group and part of this effort. In so doing, you are responsible for the conditions that you carry, who you are at any given moment, how you are at any given moment. Your focus must be upon that which is not in alignment with our goals. It requires, not condemnation or judgement of yourself, but great faith, intense prayer and introspection. As you seek to better yourself, to bring greater light to yourself, to express light in a pure and powerful way, then indeed, these aspects that are inhibitors of this expression must be addressed. 

Everyday gives you an opportunity to look and assess, to consciously adjust and form that which is your thought process, that which you express in your day. Because you are a being of light, because the great love of God’s love glows within you, within your soul, that expression at times will be a great light and at other times, it is not. As you continue to transition between that expression of light and that which is not of light, these are the struggles and the challenges that you face. Indeed, great tests are ahead of you, my beloved and beautiful friends, as God continues to strengthen you, to temper the steel that is your will and your being. 

So you must be aware, rather than react and ignorantly walk in the world, ignoring the obvious, ignoring the conditions that you carry with each breath. This is difficult. This is not what you are used to. Indeed as you progress upon this path of love, you are afforded great and deep glimpses into yourself. Because you are human, you often retreat from these insights. You wish to bury them deep and continue on with a life that is demanding and stressful, conditions that are pressing upon you. Yet, now is the time to be strong, to step into light always, to make that choice, to interrupt the patterns and the flow of your daily routine and conditions of thought and deed, to be fully in the light, to embrace the light.

It is not as difficult as it may seem. For when you are resolved, when you make that choice and you are aware of each step that you take, you empower yourself to change and to be that being you long to be, that loving channel, which you are often but not always. And so we demand light to be present in your life with every breath. This, when accomplished, will bring you to that place where many blessings, manifestations and gifts that will emerge readily. For there will not be that which blocks and inhibits and taints the beauty of that gift expressed within you. You will be free from these things. Each of you within your souls long for this, for free expression from within, expressed consciously, materially, and spiritually in all aspects of yourselves.

So you must consider these next steps carefully and with resolve. For each of you have come to that place of awareness. You have been given that gift together. You see yourselves for who you are. You understand the impediments. None are immune from this, my beloved souls. Those who think they have overcome and resolved and come to that place of purity, have within them vestiges of darkness. This is less than many upon your Earth, far less. Yet  still, we must enter into service for God with a clean and bright spirit and soul and mind so the purity of your instrumentality will be powerful, your abilities to work with God, to be in alignment with God, will be great and with great allowance for the Will of God manifest through you. What you do is not your plan, beloved souls. It is God’s plan. So, you must come to that place of recognition and that recognition can truly only come with the purity of which I speak. In this way, acting as God’s instruments will be easy and fluid, beautiful and powerful. You must find your way to that place where these things are readily expressed. 
 
My beloved friends, I know you are challenged. I know this is not easy but yet you come back to the well, that great fountainhead of God’s Love seeking to be purified, healed, and transformed. This is merely what we are speaking about, the act, the expression, the unfoldment of the transformation of love within you and that you may readily and purposefully embrace this and accept it. It is nothing new, my friends, but indeed as you progress further, so the need for conscious effort, for faithful prayer, for loving actions is required and necessary in order to obtain the next steps, the next level of development and expression. Does this not all make sense to you, beloved souls? It is not a mystery. It is simple truth and it is given as clearly and simply as we can. And so we ask you to act, to be within the flow of God’s Will and Love and plan. 

May you find your way, beloved souls. You continue to purposefully sit up forward, to be on this path of love, to make those choices and actions that reflect this. Yet there are blind spots within you, places that need your attention, aspects of yourself that require your intervention and your choice to be in harmony with all that you truly are, your great soul. May your soul find precedence within your consciousness. May you truly step forward in light and be that beautiful instrument that God intends you to be, that bright light, that shining star, that beautiful channel of love that comes ever so slowly but persistently, you make the journey. So, you shall, my friends, upon the path of love. We are with you always. We love you. We are there to protect and nurture, inspire and love. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I love you, always. God bless you.