---
title: "Describes Stress and Pain the World is Experiencing"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine Describes Stress and Pain the World is Experiencing"
date: 2023-01-26 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Describes Stress and Pain the World is Experiencing

January 7<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Houston, Texas, U.S.A.

Received by Al Fike



Beloved students, I am your teacher, Augustine. The world is in great pain. This you well know. This we have said many times and yet the intensity of this pain becomes greater as each day passes. And the common strategy, at least in your part of the world, is to be extremely busy, to lead a frenetic pace in life so as to overcloak this pain with distraction and busy-ness. This instrument has asked why those who he has connected with before, have not come to join you in prayer. There is great pain amongst those whom you have met in the past and there is great busy-ness in order to neutralize this pain, at least from the superficial consciousness of the individual. 
The world is continuing to react in this way. This crescendo of activity that is often meaningless and is very much entrenched within the material world, the last breadth of a dying world, at least the world of humanity. Indeed every soul is aware that change is coming and change is upon us. Yet in order to avoid the discomfort, the anxiety, the concern for what is to come, there are many strategies in place, many psychological patterns and expressions designed to cope with this low level anxiety that is within each individual. Even the children are feeling the stress and duress of that which is coming and that which is your everyday existence. 

It is a world without true structure, true understanding of the meaning and purpose of life. It is a world that is over burdened by the actions of man. It is a world lost in darkness and yet you have attained pockets of light in the world, your sanctuaries which God has provided which we encourage you to continue to build in light, to pray within, to seek out God. For the only antidote to these conditions is the love of God and the light that comes with this love. 

No matter the depth of knowledge, of ideas, or understanding the structure of the Universe, the individual cannot neutralize darkness more effectively than mere prayer to receive the great gift of God’s love. Knowledge does indeed empower the individual to understand many things and to act accordingly and in harmony with the laws that they understand, and the structures that they know. Yet without love in their hearts, without a true relationship with God, what true power do these things possess? For it must be the soul awakened to those deep receptions, those deep connections and experiences with God that all knowledge becomes imbued with meaning and the knowledge attained fits together in harmony and becomes an effective tool to be an agent of light in the world. 

A man who walks in the world with great knowledge, is revered. They are honored by society and yet that individual may be lost within his soul, have deep and great fears, and the sense of being unloved, a hollow shell filled with many words and yet, when the individual is infilled with love, and that hollowness replaced with the substance of God, oh how that knowledge can be used! How that understanding can be multiplied and the dimensions of it increased so that there is true awareness and awareness of Truth.
 
The foundation must be love. The foundation always has been love. It is the great capacity of humanity to love that is their greatest asset and power and when that love is multiplied by the gift of God’s love, then one truly is a remarkable light in the world. Do not be drawn into the intellectualism of the world. Be clear in your soul’s knowings, feelings and expressions. This is the antidote. This is what is needed now in your world. The world cannot continue to be manipulated, and powered by those individuals who possess this hollowness that I speak of and yet have within their minds, their intellects, plans and ideas that empower them personally and empower those in the world who coalesce together with the idea to guide and manipulate the world in a certain direction and for certain purposes. 

This is the darkness in action, beloved souls, This is why your world is so dysfunctional. It lacks light because these individuals have been allowed and endorsed in their plans. Their plans in themselves are dark and yet within the individuals, there is not a core of evil motivation. Rather they use what they know with the idea and intention to benefit and yet the knowledge that they have is weak and lacks a fullness that could truly change the world. These are the conditions that you are encountering and confronting, my beloved students. It is very challenging indeed. Indeed I encourage you to stick close to your guidance and to your Heavenly Father, to seek evermore of His love, to walk more closely in harmony with His laws of love, to be that light that you are destined to be, ever brighter, ever more beautiful, ever clearer, purer and powerful, filled with love. 

This is the key to all that must unfold, infilled with love that will open the doors to much knowledge and truth, filled with love so that as you encounter the world you are a light and an example for all to see. In regard to the changes in your world and the unfolding of God’s plan for the salvation of humanity, I say to you, do not concern yourselves overly with this situation and the unfolding of this plan, for you cannot possibly comprehend what is to take place and what is at this moment, taking place. Rather it is for you to find your place in harmony with God’s will and plan for you, to do so with earnestness, with dedication, with integrity, with love and acknowledgement of your Creator. We do not wish to burden you with much in the way of detail. We do not wish for you to seek and to overtax your intellect with details, so that you may understand this truth and this situation. Rather it is an act of faith for you to walk in the world as God’s instrument and be free of the burden of fear, anxiety, and concern for these things. My beloved students, you have your own gifts. You carry your own destiny though you work together to assist God to fulfill the destiny of humanity. I encourage this. God encourages community and fellowship, the power of love joined together creating the lattice of light, the conditions of light, the portals of light so that He may build the infrastructure that will help light the world.

The simple way of life is the best. It nourishes the soul, though it is often rejected by the mind. It is the soul at this time that requires your attention and your efforts.  The mind you have nourished for a very long time. It is filled overflowing with details, knowledge, ideas but it is time for the mind to catch up with the soul. The understandings, perceptions and knowledge of the soul must flourish in order that there be a balance and harmony there. Seek for the highest, beloveds. Seek for the highest gifts and blessings. Seek for your angel friends to be with you. Seek to serve God in whatever way that God lays before you. But seek this in guidance, for you will be guided and you will be shown. Often this form of guidance from God contradicts the ideas of the mind, yet I say to you, allow yourself to trust, to be in harmony with that which God guides you towards and to be patient, so as not to urge and put your will forward before the timing of God and the unfolding as it must unfold in time. Be at peace for it is peace that will allow the hand of God upon you and the flow of His guidance as you seek for His love so all else comes and the peace that passes all understanding signifies that God is with you.
 
Have joy. For it is joy that will awaken so much within you. It is joy that clears away the darkness, anxiety and fears. It is joy welling up from the soul that acknowledges the touch of God and the revelations that God has to give to each of you.

My beloved students, it is good that you are together. It is good that you speak and mull over many things, issues, ideas but foremost, you must pray for the answers to come in this way. The answers come with love, the love of God. I thank you for listening to me today, beloved students and we will continue to speak of things of the soul and how your life relates to the emerging soul and your growing relationship with God. My love is with you. And I love you. I love you dearly, precious ones, precious to God, precious to we in the Celestial Kingdom, precious to the world. God bless you. God bless you, beloveds. I am Augustine, your teacher. God bless you. 