---
title: "Addresses the Dilemma of Attracting Newcomers to the Truths"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine Addresses the Dilemma of Attracting Newcomers to the Truths"
date: 2023-05-09 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Addresses the Dilemma of Attracting Newcomers to the Truths

January 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2023

Barbados

Received by Al Fike  



God bless you, beloved souls.  I am your teacher, Augustine. You speak of the dilemmas regarding bringing the truth of Divine Love to the world and the way in which you view this dilemma reflects upon your mind and the machinations of your mind in regard to solving problems. Each of you is an accomplished individual. You’ve done much in the world. You’ve accomplished much in regard to your careers and activities in the world. You are used to asserting yourself and seeing the results from your efforts. And yet, in regard to bringing the truth of God’s love to the world, this paradigm of thought and action is not particularly effective. When you say, dear God, your will be done, are you serious about that? Or is it that your will be done in the world that you may create again yet another successful venture that will bring results? Or are you willing to follow God’s will and be in alignment with that will so that the flow of His will may be expressed through you with each day, each moment of each day. 

In this way, you give up control to God. You seek to be an instrument, a channel of His will and love. It requires a shift of attitude and perception. Putting aside the need for success, putting aside the ideas of what success means. Rather it is in your day-to-day flow of life activity that God will use you as His instrument in the world. There are times when you may talk to another about the great truth of Divine Love and they may be impressed by what you say. They may want to join you in prayer. These things are certainly possible given the old paradigm of thought in action. 

Yet indeed, as the world changes and you change, there is a very different approach awaiting each of you, a very different way of expressing yourself in the world. That way reflects more your soul and your true self, rather than that which you’ve learned and that which is so much a part of your perceptions and consciousness in the material world. My students, it is important to be humble and prayerful, to seek the great love of God to such an extent that indeed your perceptions come clear, those of the soul and those of God’s will. In this way, you prepare for the work ahead of you. In this way, you will know the steps to take. In this way, many will come to you because they are drawn. Because of the laws of attraction, they are drawn. And they wish to be nurtured by love, by light and truth.

Indeed, because this world is defined by words, your discussion and idea of how to use words is an important one. Because certain words will trigger interest and may inspire another while other words do not and yet, each individual will be receptive to a particular set of words. What words you may choose is dependent upon the individual you are speaking to. This is why guidance is important, why you may be helped by your angel friends inspired and impressed upon by them in such a way that you may indeed make an impression upon the individual you are talking to. It is a very complicated world and one so complex, so diverse, so biased and fearful and confused, that indeed the journey towards truly reaching another soul is a delicate one, and a complex one. Not in regard to one soul touching another, for this happens more than you might know. Yet, in regard to one mind touching another, this is where the complexity is present. As you well know, all of you upon the Earthly plane are more motivated by your mind than your soul and thus, the means of human communication is mind to mind but also soul to soul in the subtle form and influence that comes if you are a channel for God. 

The growing of wisdom within you needs to come to your conscious self. The desire to serve with humility and the grace of God must be the primary motive in your demeanor, the way in which you communicate with others and honoring another individual is important. When you do not honor them by speaking to them eye to eye, brother to brother, brother to sister, sister to brother, etc., then they feel hurt and unacknowledged. 

Also, with all of this must come confidence and the knowledge of your relationship with God. If you are unsure of yourself, if you doubt yourself, if you are merely reciting a number of words that you have learned rather truly feeling from your heart and your soul and your mind of that which you speak, then how can you be convincing? How can another truly trust in your word and your presence? It is that ambivalence that is in all upon this Earth that is the great block, that which initializes suspicion and fear. Jesus did not travel the world, his world, with doubt. He was a man of integrity and great faith. He knew that which he spoke of from his experience. His perceptions were keen and his gifts were many. But this does not mean that you cannot be the equal to what Jesus accomplished on Earth. It merely means that, indeed, you must be prepared and clear and in the light. 

Jesus was born with the purified soul and yet he did not start his ministry until he was 30 years of age. It took that amount of time to prepare and for him to know that he was the Messiah, and to make that declaration with confidence and clarity. Even then, those who knew him and his family, were doubtful and ridiculed him. He had to endure the pangs of rejection and judgement and yet, he persisted. He continued on with his message and he spoke of this message and he demonstrated this message. But most of all, he lived this message of truth.  

If you wish truly to be God’s instrument, pure and powerful and beautiful, you must follow his example. Indeed, there will only be one Jesus that walked the Earth. Yet each of you has something to give. God has placed within you great purpose and great ability. You have demonstrated this in the material world and now it is time to demonstrate this in the spiritual realms and realities. If you are able to truly align yourself with God, to truly be His channel of love, pure and simple, powerful and beautiful, then indeed, the dilemmas of how you may reach others will disappear. It will evaporate into thin air and you will see yourselves invited to many places. You will see how God will utilize you in many ways. The perceptions and acknowledgement of this in your conscious self will be clear and palpable. 

Indeed the questioning mind is important. It sets one on a road to discover the truth and the ways and means of accomplishing whatever it is that you are being challenged by. But do not forget, beloved souls, that this is the way of the soul, not necessarily the way of the mind, although the mind does indeed play its part, but it is the soul that must be predominant. In this way, the answers will come clearly, and profoundly and in this way, the love will flow. And the truth uttered from your lips will be a flow of light, a flow of love, encapsulated in words, encapsulated in the light expressed. 

My beloved friends, you are eager and this is good. For how can you step forward without motivation? Indeed there is much to learn, much to grow within so that you may step forward, truly as one of Jesus’ disciples, a disciple of truth and love, seeking for the highest, expressing the highest truth, being that truth in every way. I know this sets a very high standard, yet, if you are wishing to be God’s channels of love and truth, the standard is indeed high. For we cannot afford to invest our time and effort with those who are casual and who live their lives both in darkness and light. They must be aligned with light. Though we do not expect perfection or 100% as you say, but we do indeed expect that you are in alignment with desire and effort with the truth. 

Though you have flaws in your character because you are human still, God may use you and God will use you. For God does not insist upon complete and utter compliance with His laws. But He teaches that when a law is broken, there will be consequences and this you must understand as well. Compromising with the laws that you know brings its outcomes. Complying with the laws that you know, brings its rewards. This is the way of God’s Universe and it shall always be the way. Know that you are loved my friends. We do not sit in judgement of you. We merely see you as the frail human beings that you are, seeking for something better and higher and receiving the great gift that shall bring to you rewards for your efforts. We encourage you and at times, as in this message, we lay the foundation of truth in such a way that it is clear to you, that you may understand it. Indeed, each of you has great potential. Each of you can accomplish much. Each of you is stepping forward, if somewhat tentatively, but you step forward.

I encourage you my friends and know that every time you ask for the assistance of your angel friends for the touch of God upon your soul, so it comes. So it is realized by your prayers and desires, your earnest efforts and you will find that as you pray to be guided to bring the truth to others, so it will come about in often unexpected and surprising ways. There is no one formula for this. There is only you and God working together as a channel for love and truth in the world. God, through the administration of His angels, will open doors and opportunities to do so. Be humble, my friends. Be true to yourselves. Seek the love of God always. And you will find the growing light, strength, confidence, humility, grace, joy and love will abound within you and will, indeed be expressed through you. May God bless you upon that journey. My beloved friends, God bless you. I am your teacher, Augustine and I am happy to come to tutor you upon the truth and ways of the truth, expressions of the truth. They are many and so much is given. Much is encouraged. Much shall be given on the path of awakening and enlightenment through love. God bless you, beloved souls.