---
title: "Emphasises (again) What is Required to Achieve Direct Voice"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem Emphasises (again) What is Required to Achieve Direct Voice"
date: 2023-08-17 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Emphasises (again) What is Required to Achieve Direct Voice 

June 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



Beloved souls, I am Seretta Kem. You come close to that time when you are together in prayer. Indeed I must reiterate our request to be prayerful and harmonious, to be in the light, to discipline your thoughts, to be in harmony with your life and all that is around you. This way, you are not vulnerable to any negative forces or influences that may set you away from your path towards greater light. 

Of course this is not advice just for this time, but for all time. To be in the light always is to ensure that you shall reach your goals of powerful instrumentalities and channels of love in the world. The Direct Voice is just one aspect of this great journey of service, yet, it has captured your imaginations because it is of a more material aspect of your spiritual pursuit. In your minds and, of course, your perceptions of the material world and your brothers and sisters within it, a material manifestation such as this would capture their imaginations and hold their attention.

You see that in your various circles when a Celestial Angel or a stellar friend comes to speak to you, you are more attentive. It brings more depth and meaning to your time together. If you can add such a manifestation as this, then you will have captured the attention of many. We certainly do not see this as error or problematic, other than the possibility that many will come for merely the manifestation, merely the experience of hearing an angel rather than the true message, which is that of Divine Love, the transformation of the soul.

Indeed, as we venture forth in this effort, we will not bring through manifestations that will be the focus and will take up much time in your Circles of Light. Rather, it will be a glimpse for all to see and to experience another affirmation of the truth. Yes, there will be times when conversations will be had, where a voice will be heard by your physical ear. But this will be in times of great crisis, in times where we may consult leaders in the world and individuals who have great influence in the world, the material world, and those who will be greatly inspired by these conversations.

It will be more of a private thing than that of standing in front of a great audience. Yet, we will manifest as you stand forth and speak the truth and be that point of exclamation, of assertion that what you say is true, and what you may bring is worth the attention of others. Yet, no doubt, it will be the possibility of this manifestation that will draw many, many souls. Yet this gift must be handled with great care and wisdom. It is a delicate balance between this manifestation becoming a sort of entertainment and sensation for others, rather than what it is intended to be, which is a way and means, a gift that shall open the consciousness of humanity and bring to them a truth that is powerful, transformative, and very needed in your world.

So when we encourage you to grow within your soul, to nurture that part of yourself to be in alignment, to be attuned, to be consciously aware of this aspect of yourself. Having this awareness and this capacity to speak from the soul, to be a channel of love for God, to be a prophet, so to speak, is much more valuable than any manifestation. Even our words will lack potency if you are not that channel of love, that light that you are intended to be. It is building the foundation, continuing to strengthen that foundation, continuing to add to that foundation that is of the utmost importance.

You test your capacity for light with every day that passes, every opportunity that is given, every task that is laid before you. So we only can use those who are strong and those who are deeply committed to this truth and to the effort that we are making, for it does require a great deal of effort from our side of life, a great deal of commitment. If you had any idea of the complexity, the depth, the great many souls and angels that are involved in this work, you would be in awe of the resources that are laid before you and applied to your efforts, beloved souls.

You are unique as a group. You have opened this channel, this way where no others, save a few, have done and continue to do. So it does require your attention. It requires a dedication that is your life, your goal, your desire so that you may be that true channel for God, clear and bright and beautiful. This is not a hobby, this is not something that you do that is casual, it requires your dedication and your focus. We have said this before and we shall utter this again, for it is important that your thoughts, focus and energies are directed in this way. To bring  photoplasmic manifestation to the world will be a great blessing, a wonderment. It will bring a lot of focus upon each of you. 

Are you ready to stand forth, beloved souls, be examined as you will be, and challenged as you will indeed be? Yet you will also be upheld and in many cases revered for the gifts that you carry. This too is a great test and challenge, for will you be able to remain humble in such a dynamic situation? You will be asked to travel the world, to connect with many, many souls. Even leaders of your world will want to meet with you. Can you comport yourself in such a way that you will represent, and be an example of the Truth of the Divine Love, the power of the Divine Love, the message of Divine Love? 

Are you clear with this message? Have you added many other things to it to satisfy your mind and your ego? Is your dedication that of the soul seeking God, desiring the gift that He has to give to you? Is this the primary focus? Is this your dedication in your life? For in your earthly world, filled with thoughts, so many thoughts, so many ideas, so many concepts, it is an easy thing to add and add and add various ideas, various concepts that stimulate your imagination and your mind so that it is filled with many things. Are these things in alignment with the development of your soul or are they merely additions to the ambition of your mind? 

This you must ask yourself with each day, with each thought, with each reading, each conversation, each time you set forth into the world and communicate with others. It is a very serious question indeed. For, you come closer to the time when you will be needed, and the world comes closer to the time where it will need you. The message must be powerful and clear, concise and unadorned by other ideas and material concepts which are considered spiritual, but in many ways originate from the material mind and therefore is a very material concept. The true understanding of spirituality only comes with the soul awakened and able to perceive it. It does not come with different programs and ideas and rituals that are believed to open the doorway to the soul. Yes, at times these concepts can be helpful, but when they become the focus then you may come to realise that you have turned your gaze elsewhere and that your minds are well stimulated and excited by these ideas. 

But is your soul thriving upon them? You must ask yourself these questions. For many will tell you that the road to spirituality comes in alignment with mindful practice. You know differently, beloved souls. You know that true spirituality comes through prayer and awakening the soul with the great gift of Divine Love. Indeed, there is a form of spirituality that does not involve this and is very much upon the journey of the natural man seeking purity and perfection. Yet,  this is not your journey. This journey is different. It goes higher, it leads to a different place. If you are clear and truly involved in all ways, all parts of you in the journey of the awakening soul, then there will be no doubt or confusion, additions to what you have to say, and the response from others will be positive and receptive.

Did our Master Jesus speak of the way of Judaism with his message of love even though he was brought up as a practising Jew? He may have used different examples to illustrate his point, but his message always came back to the truth of love. So he is your example. He is the light and the way towards enlightenment of the soul. So you must come to see your own way, your own passage towards this truth, and acknowledge that which holds you back, which obstructs you on this journey. 

We have spoken about the level of our accomplishments to date among you and that level is modest. Indeed, if we are to truly move forward, then it is time to set aside the distractions, the conditions, the thoughts, the beliefs that are not in harmony with love and the Truth of God’s Love. We do not force ourselves upon you or insist upon certain protocols but indeed, you have asked to be servants of God in this way. So we respond to you with the truth and with the journey that is required. We increasingly insist upon these things. 
Indeed, you have made a great investment in this effort and so have we. If you wish to see results, then we lay before you the road straight and narrow and lit that you may travel upon this road with great faith and innocence and simplicity. It does not require a mind filled to the brim with many ideas, it merely requires a soul yearning with a deep desire for God.

Be in the Grace of God, my beloved friends. Let us not concern ourselves with the details and the mechanics and all that is required for this manifestation, for it does not require much attention from you, other than that which we speak of. Of course, it is important that your body is strong. It is important that your actions are in harmony. It is important that you consider love in everything that you do. It is important that you go to God fully, honestly and frequently, to receive the gift of His Love. All else may come in time. Insights and understanding may be gained as you grow and progress, but it is not necessary that you are well educated in these metaphysical things. It is the soul that concerns us. It is the soul that is your focus. It is the soul that will bring you to God. So we speak of the soul and encourage you in this way.

May God bless you deeply, beloveds. You are truly lights. You are brave, you are strong. Often your focus is great. Yet we ask more of you and shall continue to do so because this is what is required to gain the great gift, to gain great light, to be a light and to be a gift for the world. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem and my love for you is great. We shall not abandon you, beloved souls. But indeed, at times you abandon us. We love you, beloveds, dearly and forever. God bless you.