---
title: "Respond in Love and Compassion When Maligned"
menu_title: ""
description: "Respond in Love and Compassion When Maligned"
date: 2025-07-01 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Respond in Love and Compassion When Maligned

November 7<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my beloved friends, I am Orion. May the Father’s Love continue to enter into your souls, awakening those precious parts of your being, those tender yet powerful parts of your being that long to be in harmony with all that is of God, all that is of God’s creation.

My beloved friends, there will always be those that will criticise you, who are suspicious of you, who do not believe that I communicate with you. This is the way of your world and it is to be expected. Because, when you have a clear perception of the conditions of your world you can see that even those who are close to you can be influenced and experience the darkness in the world. Even you experience the darkness in the world at times, my beloved friends. I urge you not to engage in these dark conditions, not to react to these criticisms, not to find yourself doubting your own sure knowledge of the truth.

Though you are certainly still human, you have experienced in your life something that is far greater, far higher than that of the human condition. Thus it is often difficult to reconcile your daily life with this other life, this other reality that you entertain. Yet what brings the greatest joy, the greatest comfort, the greatest truth? It is not what you experience through your mind and the material conditions of interactions on a daily basis. I am sure for many of you this is a very mediocre experience, one that you are well used to, one that you are engaged with more often than the spiritual. I am sure that when you are engaged with the spiritual, with your own soul there is a greater reward, a deeper satisfaction, happiness and joy that comes with it as God’s Love continues to brighten you, to cleanse you and to bring you ever closer to that place of light.

You feel this, you are a part of it. You will continue to ascend in accordance to the process of transformation that is taking place within you. Few who do not experience this will understand it, for it is in the experience of it that the truth becomes evident. All around you humanity is engaged in linear mental processes, requiring input from the five senses and whatever conditions and learnings that have come over the years for each individual. It is a very limited perspective. It is a perspective that continues to perpetuate the darkness in your world. It is often one that lacks love or the understanding of the importance and power of love. You are required to deal with these conditions each and every day. Many of you take precautions and effort to be somewhat insulated from these conditions. This is admirable provided you are not isolated and reject your brothers and sisters out in the wider world.

There is a need for balance between this isolation, this quiet contemplation with God and your expressions in the wider world. For if you lose this connection with others, how can you truly be a channel for God? If you judge your brothers and sisters or are repulsed by them and cannot relate to them, do not have compassion for them, then how can God use you as a channel of love? For love includes all of these things that create connection, compassion and love. It requires strength. This you have no doubt and this you have experienced often, that when you are strong in love, when you do not take personally and absorb and react to the expressions and outpourings of those who are lost, often desperate, often in great pain, then you allow God’s Love to flow, you allow the blessings to be expressed.

Indeed it takes some finesse to engage with others and not to absorb and readily give credence to that which others are expressing and emanating. You must be the stronger instrument, the greater light, the expression of love. It does not require a lot of interaction and conversation. It merely requires the emanations of love and light, a quiet prayer for another, some way of service, of supporting and helping those in need. There are many ways that you can express God’s Love and there are many ways that God guides you into that expression and opportunity of expression.

Yet for many of you, when a criticism is given, this has more credence than the love and appreciation that is offered by many. How unfortunate that you continue to allow this to be so. I am not suggesting that you are all responding in this way. Yet I see with many of you, you are vulnerable to these things, those barbs of criticism and comments that denigrate your efforts and your work, your personality, your integrity. The dark forces of your world take great delight in this and put great effort towards it., I would say equal effort to what we put in to help support you. Yet as you know well, the power of love and light that we bring and that you make great effort to sustain, is far greater than those dark forces. This does not mean that they will stop trying, but it means that you must stop listening or being open to that which the world is eager to give to you in the way of darkness and pain.

You must be strong. You must release all conditions that are not in harmony with love. When one criticises, one offers some degrading remark, have compassion. For who is being degraded in this situation? It is not you, my beloved and beautiful friends. It is them. They are the ones who will be hurt. They are the ones who degrade their own light. They are the ones who prefer to indulge in angry criticism and judgement rather than light and love. Every day brings its test, beloved souls. Every day has its opportunities to be a light and a channel of love. It is your choice how you respond. Indeed when a loved one or somebody close to you gives a disparaging remark, it is more difficult to put that aside. Yet, even in this circumstance you must.

For when you are within the light, when you are truly grounded in love and awakened in truth, it is not possible to engage in the darkness in this way. You will recognise it, you will see it for what it is, but you will not take on that condition and believe the commentary of your brothers and sisters. Rather you may take that commentary in a way that often they have a kernel of truth, something from which this idea has sprung. Yet, in almost all cases when it comes through in this dark way it is distorted and enhanced by the condition of that individual. Indeed if you have discernment, if you are able to look with compassion for them and compassion for yourselves, there may indeed be an opportunity to learn something, to see something about yourself.

For is it not true that others reflect your expression in the worldy condition? Though that expression may be greatly distorted and interpreted. Indeed there is something there about you. I do not say these things to criticise you, my friends. I merely wish to uphold you, to reassure you and counsel you that the dark conditions of this world continue to surround you and will continue to be expressed towards you. This is inevitable. It is part of your life upon this earthly plane. Yet, how you respond, how you are in the world, how you have compassion, wisdom and love expressed in the world is of the greatest importance. For as I say, each day is a test where you may gauge how you may express these things of light, how you may walk in the world as a light.

We do not judge you nor does God judge you. Though, indeed it is easy to judge yourself is it not? To degrade yourself in judgements and patterns of thought that have often been a part of your daily life? Be vigilant. Be clear what is truly of light, what is truly harmonious. Yes, you have flaws and faults like all upon your world. Yet when you reinforce these things with your thoughts and judgements, with your shame and denigration, then it does not bring you further into light. You regress into darkness.

Put aside these things and know that God will guide you into further light. As you grow in God’s Love, as you grow and contemplate the teachings and loving counsel that is given by your angel friends, your stellar friends, the bright spirits, those who surround you constantly, then indeed these conditions dissipate and the brightness, clarity and beauty of a soul in harmony with the laws of God’s Love become the predominant expression until, in time, it becomes the only expression that you are capable of.

This is your journey, my beloved friends. This is how you must walk in the world. You must have faith in this journey. You must truly desire it and to be it and all will be well, my friends. All will be well upon this path, in which you are showered by the Essence of God to absorb these drops that will be with you forever and change you forever.

May you be blessed, my friends. I am Orion and my love for you is great indeed. My love for you is great. My compassion for your struggles is great as well. For you do indeed live in a difficult world. Yet you are being upheld, you are being loved always. God bless you. I am Orion and I love you. God bless you.
