---
title: "Describes Development Work in DV Circle Today"
menu_title: ""
description: "Describes Development Work in DV Circle Today"
date: 2025-06-21 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Describes Development Work in DV Circle Today

September 26<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

May the answers to your prayers be forthright and powerful, my beloved friends. I am Orion and I have been close to this instrument as we have been doing a venture that is not quite the same as what you are doing here today, but engaged in something quite remarkable and enjoyable. Thus, my connection with him is strong and I wish to acknowledge his efforts to connect with me.

There will come a time when others will know those like me, my cohorts in this great venture to transform your world and bring it back to harmony. In these connections and relationships, they will have many experiences and opportunities to be filled with the knowledge, understanding of universal truth and many on your world will be given opportunities and blessings that will help alleviate the confusion and the disharmonies that humanity is now embroiled within. All is focussed on helping you all to come to a realisation and understanding of universal truths and laws, of ways and means of living your life upon this beautiful planet of yours without harming it as you do, without creating such suffering.

Such interruption of life, such disharmony in patterns of weather and energetic flows within your planet as humanity continues to take what it will and not return any form of contribution that would help alleviate this taking of things, of materials of the world, from the planet, from the Earth. Then there are consequences that are severe and which may lead, in times to come, great disharmonies and great disruptions. It is time for humanity to wake up and in waking up to come to realise their own personal power and abilities, the gifts that God has given them and to understand how collectively, humanity could be a force to reckon with in terms of harmony. For now, they are certainly a force to reckon with, but this brings disharmony.

It is time for the pendulum to swing back to that which is of light. It is time to cross that river, that barrier that reflects the consciousness of humanity, its ignorance, its fears, its lack of love. For all these things can be rectified with love. Humanity can and will readily see the ways and means of bringing harmony. First, they must release those attitudes and conditions that bring them out of harmony. I know I make this sound like an easy task but, as you well know, it is not. For humanity is steadfast in its habits and patterns, perceptions and ideas. There is a great need within many that they might have all the material things that they believe will bring them comfort and safety. Yet, in times to come such accumulations will be worthless and irrelevant, rather will be the hearts and souls who are close to God, the universal truth, the truth of love that will find their way through the tumult of Earth changes.

I know you wonder how this is so. From the material perspective, would it not be better to prepare and build a fortress around yourself, a fortress of safety, a fortress of material well-being? Yet, I say to you my friends that, in doing so, you will have wasted much of your energy and resources in a venture that will not satisfy your needs for the coming times. For this planet is about to shift into what you may call a vibrational level that is not like what you inhabit at this time. Thus, the playing field will be quite different. The rules and laws governing your existence will be different. This is a great gift from God. For to rectify the wrongdoings of man, step by step, piece by piece, day by day, would take millennia to accomplish and there is not that much time.

The world suffers greatly, this suffering continues to escalate. With this escalation, the time frame in which solutions may be had and changes applied to your world will not be accomplished in time. Thus, God has come with an elegant solution to the dilemmas of man. He will do much of the work required. He will bring much of what is needed. He will give abundantly in love, a second chance to humanity. In these blessings, in the light and changes that are coming, those who are prepared spiritually, opening their eyes and ears, the wisdom of their souls, their capacity to love will find themselves in a place quite compatible with this. While others will be confused and disoriented, will need your wisdom, the solidity of your knowledge, the power of the truth that you carry in order to help ground them to a new world.

Yes, there is much coming and little time. I do not wish to frame these things in such a way that you are worried and have fear for your future. For your future is secured, my beloved and beautiful friends. In many ways the future of your loved ones is secured as well. Yet, through the laws of God and free will, it will be up to them whether they can accept the invitation that you will carry and we will carry to the world. Thus, your light, the power of the light that you carry, the preparations that you make now to build that light, to build within you such power of light, such love and wisdom and alignment with God will determine how readily you will be able to embrace and to lead those around you to the truth and help them to understand what is happening to the world.

You see, we make great effort together. This is a time of dynamic change and transformation for you, beloved souls. It is a time for you to focus upon this, to not let the material cares of your life take precedence but to truly be dedicated to God, to all that is of God, to all that is of God’s Will and God’s plan for you. This does not mean that you must neglect your responsibilities upon the earthly plane but rather when there is time and you make that time, be fully and truly with your Creator. Pray with the utmost intention and desire. Enact the laws that you know. Live by the laws that you understand and have been taught to you over decades. In this regard, there is not much that we can teach you, my beloved friends. For you have been taught over and over again these simple laws, laws that when applied will bring greater harmony to you and to your life, laws that when lived fully will cultivate an atmosphere of great light and love.

It is for you to choose to be in harmony, to be in alignment with these things, these treasures, these gifts, all that has been given and taught. Much will come of your efforts, my friends. You are relied upon by we who are here to help. Many surround you, my friends. Many wish the best for you, the highest for you, the greatest blessings of all to you, but we cannot do this for you. It is for you to open yourselves to all that is of God. For it is in this relationship that you accomplish these things of which I speak. So we continue to uphold you and stand by you, to help teach and inspire you, and we will continue. We are with you and we point heavenward to the Source of all light and love and say, cast your gaze upon the Creator of all things and you will find the fulfilment of all that you are, your souls awakened and transformed, thus, awakening and transforming your spirit, even your bodies. These things are possible with prayer and focus, dedication. Walk this path, my beloved friends, as fully and resolutely as you can. Do not do so out of obligation, fear or routine, but do so out of the deep desire and enthusiasm of your soul, seeking for the highest of all blessings, the greatest of all truths, the transformation that will come with this gift of love.

May God bless you on this journey, my friends. I am Orion. My love is with you. My dedication continues. We journey together upon a wondrous path, a path of truth and light. God bless you all and keep you in this light. God bless you.
