---
title: "Integration of the Material Mind and the Soul Mind"
menu_title: ""
description: "Integration of the Material Mind and the Soul Mind"
date: 2025-04-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Integration of the Material Mind and the Soul Mind

February 28<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

I thank you for your prayer, beloved son. Indeed, the limitations of the mind are great. They bring much to your experience in life and in your spiritual life. It is a formidable force that dictates many things in regard to your spiritual progress, perceptions of self, of God, and of all of God’s universe. This powerful filter of the mind is something that we continue to advise you on in regard to bringing greater clarity and harmony in the ultimate perceptions of the soul. Because you live upon the earthly plane, both are in play and yet the material mind has the greater weight of perception than does the soul and the soul perception.

My beloved friends, each of you is challenged by this. Each of you continues to live your life focused upon the material mind primarily. Some of you even use the capacities of your material mind in order to make a living. It is a bit of a dilemma, is it not? As you continue to reach for the highest, for the development of your soul, so you come against this dilemma each and every day. You seek from God the antidote to this dilemma. Indeed, this is where you must go and seek solutions and for that which is required in order to bring greater harmony into your consciousness, into your spiritual life.

Indeed, we are developing you as souls realized rather than minds finely attuned to intellectualism and words and mindful considerations. Though these things have their place, for how else can you communicate and be in the world except with this mechanism and ability? But I say to you that it is important that the realizations, perceptions, understandings, and feelings of the soul must be the foundation of all that you speak and do for how else can you know God’s Will than through the mechanisms of the soul? Indeed, as your soul and your mind are more finely attuned and integrated together, then the clarity of God’s guidance and Will will come to the fore more readily and you will see more clearly. Yet, for each of you, you continue to struggle. At times, the clarity comes and at other times, there is friction, a tension between the perceptions of your soul and that of your mind.

We seek to assist you in ameliorating and bringing harmony so that there is not this friction, this confusion, this doubt that comes when the mind and the soul see from different angles. Though they are both seeking the truth, the mind’s perceptions of such are limited. The soul’s perceptions are only as good as the development of the soul and its capacity to see the truth. Yet, the potentials of the soul are far greater in its capacity to see the truth than that of the mind. Thereby, the soul mind must, in time, become dominant and must inform your perceptions, your actions, and your thoughts. Until you come to that place of a degree of integration, you will continue to inhabit two different worlds of reality, two different perspectives of truth, two different opinions and ideas and sense of truth because of the great differences that are inherent in both centres of consciousness.

We urge you to receive more of God’s Love, to strengthen and awaken your soul so that your soul becomes the predominant part of your consciousness. The wisdom of the soul shines through. The perceptions that are part of your soul’s faculties bring greater and deeper information about the truth of God’s Will, of all things spiritual. The mind then is not so strained to understand and integrate these things for the mind in this case is not predominant. When I say this, I mean the material mind. Rather, the truth comes reflexively as God pours into you His Love. With this, comes the opening, the realization, and the stimulation of many faculties within you.

Indeed, you come to know a different world. You come to see reality for what it is for this reality is of God. In this, the many dimensions and levels of God’s creation begin to emerge in your consciousness. You become a different person. This, to some of you, is not a welcome situation for you are well-engaged in life with many others. To nurture and express this form of consciousness would be quite disturbing and challenging to some in your life. Thus, you hold back. You keep these things to yourself for fear of others judging and others feeling alienated from you. Indeed, the common societal perspective is that those who carry such consciousness are often considered to be deranged.

Again, the fear of being put within this category is great. You have ideas that indeed you would be shunned and misunderstood. But I tell you, my beautiful, beautiful souls seeking greater development and awakening, that with the wisdom of the soul, comes the capacity to manage this awkward duality of material and spiritual. Indeed, adjustments always are required but it is not that you will be lost within a world so foreign from that which you live in right now. Rather, you will be able to balance these two perceptions and experiences that come simultaneously into your life. You will be able to integrate it in such a way that as you are God’s instrument and channel in the world, you will be able to relay much information and insights that will assist your brothers and sisters. They will come to you for the wisdom that you carry. They will see that you have deeper insight. They will honour you for who you are and what you have to give to the world.

Of course, there will always be those who will denigrate you and misunderstand you. Indeed, no matter how you live in the world, this will be the case for how many in your world understand and honour one another even though they are of the same perception and place of living that is common to all. This cannot be avoided, beloved souls, but as you grow in Love so the way in which you express yourself and conduct yourself in the world will be of greater harmony, not disruption, not alienation.

So, I urge you on to be in the world but not of it, to be in the world of God and of that world. In this way, you become a beacon of light, that pure and beautiful soul whom God may utilize as His channels of love. All the gifts and manifestations and blessings that may flow through you will be powerful and beautiful, touching many souls. No matter their perspective, they are still your brothers and sisters who carry a soul. Often those souls are eager and are seeking and looking for fulfillment.

You carry the key, beloveds. You carry that which they seek. Though their minds may be skeptical or fearful or judgmental, their souls will know and feel the validity of that which you carry. So, in this way you plant many seeds. In this way you do God’s work. In this way you reach more deeply into that individual as God’s channel to comfort, to elicit a yearning, a response to be with God. This is your role. Indeed, as you step forward more fully into the Light of God’s Truth and Love, you will be noticed. Those who notice you will come to you in need and desire and curiosity. There will be those who come to you to denigrate and judge you. But indeed, in both cases, the soul has been touched and a reaction has been created through you as God’s channels.

This will be more and more your life, beloved souls. There will be surprising connections and experiences, places to travel and to touch others, and openings and doorways that God places before you. There is so much that will to those souls who are willing to be God’s instruments and channels of love. God will equip you and prepare you for this role, this designation as His channel. This is inevitable as you continue to grow in His Love and find your way into the truth and reality of His existence. Be willing to walk in the truth, beloved souls. Be willing to accept this as the true reality. Be willing to live this in such a way that there is harmony and a true expression of it.

May God bless you, beloved souls. I am Orion. My love is with you and we are with you always. Even though at times you may feel alone, know that you are never ever alone for the forces of light surround you. The angels of heaven, your brothers and sisters from other planets, God’s Touch, the bright spirits, so much is around you constantly. As such, you are never alone. And you have one another, do you not, and others in your life who affirm the truth and who are there in loving and prayerful support? You are not alone and will never be. May God bless you. My love is with you all. God bless you.
