---
title: "Be Conscious of Being a Light in the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Be Conscious of Being a Light in the World"
date: 2025-06-18 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Be Conscious of Being a Light in the World

October 1<sup>st</sup>, 2023

Online Prayer Circle, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Michael Collier received by Al Fike

Thanks and blessings to you beloved souls. I am Michael Collier. I come to speak to you today about the power of your mind and consciousness to bring about the transformation of the world. It is not that your minds are the crucial element for this transformation to happen. For it is God's plan, and it is God igniting His plan through your souls that will bring about this great change in the world.

How are you preparing for this change? How is your consciousness shifting toward it? How can you help God to realise it? It does not come with you acquiescing to the present condition and mindfulness of the world, reinforcing this condition over and over again by your thoughts and actions. This does not help God, nor does it help yourself in anticipation of what is to come. I encourage you, beloved souls, to consider how you may change your thoughts, your perceptions of the world, your ideas about the future, so that when they are in alignment with God's laws of love, with God's plan for the salvation of humanity, with God's efforts to bring about greater harmony in the world, then you are supporting and a part of this great endeavour.

Indeed, it is a most difficult task that I encourage you toward, to walk in the world but not be of the world, to be a channel for God, to be in that frame of mind and desire to help bring about change. This, of course, begins with you. It begins with your patterns of thought, your consciousness, your actions that result from these patterns if you are stuck within the old patterns. The old consciousness of humanity has nurtured for so very long, then the possibility of becoming part of God's plan, to be in alignment with God's Plan, diminishes greatly with that which you carry within your mind, within your consciousness.
           
I encourage you, my beloved friends, that a new day is dawning and it is coming quickly. I encourage you to prepare, to experiment, to try and change certain patterns of thought which you are well-aware are not in harmony with love, to do so every day. Make some change, make some effort, and soon you will build within you a great momentum for change. For it is in conscious effort that you have your effects upon the material world. It is with conscious effort that you have your effects on your inner world, reflecting your desires and your motivations. Each of you has sought out the great gift of God's Love. Each of you desires to be God's instruments in the world. Each of you wishes for the world to change for the better, for all things to come into harmony so that there is no suffering, there is no inequity, that all the planet may flourish and be in harmony with God's intention and plan and the template that he has laid forth for the further evolution of your world. If you cannot apply this attitude and need for change within yourself, then you can hardly apply it and implement it for the world. God tests you each day with the opportunities, the possibilities of making that change real and substantial in your life.

Indeed, as you are blessed with the great gift of Divine Love, you have an extra motivation, an input into this consciousness. For the Love is expressing itself, expanding within you and touching various parts of you, creating greater harmony because this is the law in action. So in prayer, I urge you to ask God to help you first be aware of those conditions within you that are in need of His transformative Love and Touch, and conditions and thoughts that are contrary to what you know to be true. How else will the world change but through the individuals who are brave enough, strong enough, clear enough and loving enough to implement those changes in their lives? Much depends on you, my beloved brothers and sisters. Indeed, from this day forward, may you step into the consciousness of transformation that you may truly be a part of God's plan for the transformation of the world.

As you gather together soon, may you keep foremost in your mind that part of this purpose of gathering is to ignite within one another the momentum. The blessings, the power for change and transformation begins within your soul as you seek out the great blessings of God's Love. Within your soul then comes the impetus to touch your spirit mind and your material mind in such a way that great changes come, great shifts in perception, in desire, in motivation. I urge you to think of these things before you gather together or each day as you gather your thoughts, as you gather your day together in terms of what you might do. Think of that day as a great gift, a gift to practise, to implement, a transformative consciousness of the soul, blessed by God and awakened by God's Love.

Each of you may be a formidable force in the world. Each of you have great possibilities within you, gifts and potentials that lay within your soul, seeking their awakening, seeking to be alive within you and with the great power of God's Love to touch these things, to awaken them, to transform them in love. Then these gifts become formidable indeed. Are you willing to take that step forward, beloved brothers and sisters? Do you see a future ahead of you where you may be God's instruments and, in being God’s instruments, to help uplift, educate and comfort all the lost ones in your world? There are many, many, a sea of darkness, my beloved friends. Darkness, not because humanity is motivated toward such a thing, but because of ignorance and strife and the dedication toward all that which has been created by the human condition. Many are in darkness because of defaults toward these things. You must help to awaken them.

God will provide the opportunities, the conditions and situations to awaken them. He needs your help.  He needs those upon the earth who are awake, who are willing to speak, to heal, to comfort and to love. For if you can imagine a child lost in a crowd and you come in loving efforts to help reunite that child with its parents, it will be like this. For many will be scurrying about in panic and concern and will seek to be guided toward safe harbours. If you may be God's instruments to do so, then indeed you are deeply blessed as well. God will guide you more powerfully and precisely in these efforts as the opportunities arise.

My beloved and beautiful friends, there is so much work to do. Many of you have been nurtured for a number of years, have been given all the latitude, the blessings, the nurturings, the teachings that you require in order to live in the light. Do not hide your light, my beloved friends, but beam it forth to all that you meet, to one another, to the world. For this is the key to the salvation of humanity. It is not feeding man with intellectual concepts, with material solutions. It is feeding the soul of each individual with the power of love. With this, as has been said, and it is a great truth, to seek this love above all else and all else will follow in its stead. I urge you, my beloved friends, continue to seek the great blessings of God's love. Continue to be within the flow of His Will. You will find your life to be remarkable, extraordinary, beautiful and wondrous.

God bless you.  I am Michael Collier. Thank you for listening to me today. My love is with each one of you. So many are close to you, my friends. So many love you. God loves you beyond measure. God bless you. God bless you all.
