---
title: "Personal for Matt on His Journey"
menu_title: ""
description: "Personal for Matt on His Journey"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Personal for Matt on His Journey

April 26<sup>th</sup>, 2023

10th Anniversary DLSF, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Isaiah received by Al Fike

…brother, Isaiah. My beloved son, I am pleased that you continue to seek out my presence and have come to know it. And it is important that you continue to forge this relationship and this knowing so that we may communicate more fully together. God has given me a gift, the gift of you, my friend. The gift of guiding and overseeing your progress and your journey in life. And, indeed, I take this gift very seriously and continue to apply myself in whatever way that I can to uplift, to guide, to protect, to bless my beloved charge.

God has a great deal for you to do, my friend. There is a plan, a journey that you must take, a journey that you ascribed to before you were even born. A journey that will take you along a wondrous route connecting with and influencing and blessing many souls along the way. And as you have said how you appreciate plain talk, as you call it, clarity, and this you will do for others. As you educate yourself about these truths, as you apply them to your daily life, so you will be able to speak to others in a way that they understand. This is a gift. This was a gift that Jesus had when he walked the earth. He spoke in a way that the common people could understand his message. Of course, how Jesus expressed himself in those days is very different from modern day. But, indeed, you are a storyteller. You like to bring forth vignettes, stories that bring meaning and allow another person insight, understanding without too much effort on their part. For you understand well that many in your world today are not eager to apply themselves too intently upon spiritual matters. Rather, there is always curiosity, a soul that seeks, but the depth of that seeking and how far reaching it is within the consciousness of the individual is often unheard and unacknowledged and certainly not responded to in any serious way. But a man such as yourself with a strong presence and a humble heart an ability to unravel complex thoughts and ideas and bring it to plain English, as you would say, can be a powerful speaker for the truth. And God will utilize these gifts as you continue to grow and awaken in Divine Love.

So, you will see the opportunities blossoming before you, a whole meadow of beautiful wildflowers, each one an opportunity, each one representing a possibility in your life. And as you know people well and you love people, love the individual, love humanity, so you will apply yourself in loving ways to help teach and uphold and uplift and point to the truth for all those who pass by you.   Your journey truly just begins and it will take time for what I speak of to truly be integrated into your life, but you continue to yearn and stretch toward the truth to contact those whom you know can support you in this, to be part of Circles of Light. And I urge you to continue, my beloved brother.

And you asked about this gift of the crystal light.  It is but a minor aspect of your journey, my friend. There is no need to spend much time contemplating this. Rather, to be assured that it exists within you and it is operating within you. And this is one layer of spiritual life, but there are many more. And so, you begin to understand and perceive these many layers, these many aspects of God’s creation, the many aspects of your spiritual self out of your soul, that of your spirit body, that of your spirit mind and soul mind and there is much, much more to know, beloved brother. And you will be guided to find the answers and as you are truly aware, you must seek God above all things. Seek His Love and all else will follow in God’s timing and in the Will of God.

You bring great joy to me when you seek so diligently, when you see and recognize the importance of nurturing your soul. When you go to God as you do in many circumstances and situations in your life, in this way, you exemplify the power of faith and you become a great example for many. This is a true teacher, one who goes about their life expressing and applying the truth that they know, not forcing upon others their ideas and insisting upon them, rather to humbly make truth their life and life’s expression to make love the overriding power and expression of who they are. One can do no more than this, but as you continue to awaken and grow in the power of love, so it goes that many will be drawn to you, many will seek you out, many will find comfort and solace in your presence and your words. And in time, you will be speaking the words of the angels, my friend. They will flow readily, seamlessly in your conversations, in what you say to others, in groups, circles of light. In many ways the words of truth will be given and will flow through you, unencumbered by the filters of your mind.

My beloved friend, there is so much more to learn, to know, to experience. The journey just begins and you will find wondrous things upon this path. You know you have found your way home and that everything that has been in your life has led you to this point and, indeed, God’s plan is unfolding and shall unfold in ways that become obvious and clear to you. Pray for your guidance. Pray to be aware and to know the truth through your own soul’s perceptions and be true to this, be true to this. You will know each step of the way. It will be clear and you have found clarity so far. And clarity will only grow in its power and beauty in your life as your soul awakens, as you come to know the true reality of God. And thus, you will be guided and you will fulfil your destiny. What can stop you, beloved soul? What can stop you? For you are strong and clear in regard to your journey and direction. And provided you continue to nurture that clarity and that soul awareness; you will have a strength that cannot be broken or manipulated. It will be true to your gifts and purpose. You will find your way. You will find your way.

Beyond the rabble and the distractions of the material life, the overriding truth of your destiny will continue to unfold and will find its expression in your life, every aspect of your life. And nothing that is of importance, those you love, your life and gifts, will be left behind. Rather, they will only be enhanced by the growth of love within your soul and the way in which you adjust and formulate your new life that is in greater harmony with God’s Love. They will follow you because they trust you. They love you. So, nothing will go astray beloved and beautiful brother of love. All will unfold in the timing and grace of God’s Will. And greater truth will be yours, my brother, greater love, greater insight, greater capacities and gifts unfolding. It has been and will be a wonderful life, a life filled with many blessings. Great grace will befall you and will be the hallmark of your life. The ease and flow of it will be remarkable and many will wonder about this. And your needs will be met. They have been and they shall be.

Use wisdom as you are guided. Use discernment as you come with your ideas and thoughts about your future and about the truth and who you are aligning yourself with in this material world. Be strong in love, always, and release any vestiges of that which is not in harmony with God’s Love. Find the freedom, my brother. Find the joy and all will be given freely and joyfully to you. You are a gift to the world. You are a light in the world. And you will find your way readily without too many distractions and it will be a magnificent life full of adventure and wonders, fulfillment, the opening of new gifts, the discovering of your true self.

May you continue to have faith that this is the case, that indeed, you have a destiny to fulfill and that as you continue to pray and uphold yourself in the truth of God’s Love, so all these things will come to pass. And when that time comes for you to look back upon your life, it will be with the sense of appreciation and joy, fulfillment, realizing how truly blessed you have been. May God bless you, beloved brother, keep you in His Love. Know that I am close and that I continue to guide you and I will be closer. You and I will have many conversations together. We do so now in your sleep state, but there will come a time when the guidance and direction will come in a conscious and wakeful state as your gifts awaken and unfold. May God bless you, my brother, keep you in His Love. I am Isaia and I am with you. I am with you and I love you, beloved brother of the truth.
