---
title: "Angels are Easing us into Soul Consciousness"
menu_title: ""
description: "Angels are Easing us into Soul Consciousness"
date: 2025-04-17 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Angels are Easing us into Soul Consciousness

March 28<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

My friends, I am Orion. There is space between the knowings of your soul and your conscious self. That space is often inhabited by your spirit mind. That place, unless it is in alignment with your conscious self and your soul, can at times obscure information that travels between a very deep part of yourself and that part that is conscious in the material world. Alignment is key for both centers of consciousness within you are very active. Yet, when we say the conscious self, we are referring to that part of you that is aware at this very moment of your sensations, experiences and thoughts as you live your life. Yet, deep within you, in your soul is another active center, something that is interacting and responding in many ways to those aspects of life that are not material. Thus, you have trouble relating in a material way to that which is immaterial.

At times, you are aware of your soul and you are responding directly with whatever that experience may be that originates from the soul. But often, you are ignoring or are unable to be aware of this activity within you. There are times when the mind of the spirit body has trouble negotiating and connecting, being a bridge if you will, between the mind of the soul and the material mind. It takes great practice and finesse to allow that channel to open and for that information to flow readily. So, you must practice. You must be aware of the three elements that are in connection and interaction constantly. Because of your material world which determines in many ways what you focus your awareness on and what you do not and so you ignore these other aspects of yourself, to not give them any credence. As a child, you are encouraged to grow up, to be more mature, to not listen to the imaginings of your mind which are often from your soul and your spirit mind, to be focused upon the intellect and the capacities of your brain.

Consequently, we are engaged in an attempt to undo all of the willful act of ignoring the very center of your being, and for many, ignoring their feelings in every regard. The desirable condition is that of reasoned response, to be able to communicate with others without any emotion but entirely using the intellect and the logic that comes with it. Yet, as a being created by God, all of these elements, your emotions, your intuition, your sensibilities, and your perceptions are all part and parcel of every moment of your existence. Therefore, it is imperative that you engage on all different levels with life. At times, you do so quite readily, when you feel safe or possibly alone or in a circle such as this where the outside world does not impinge upon these experiences. When you are open to these things, often you feel vulnerable because there is a free flow of insight, information, energy, thoughts, and feelings that happen as you are engaged in this way. At times, experiencing these things can be confusing when you are involved in interactions on the material plane, sometimes bringing an interruption in your stream of experience making it difficult for you to integrate these things into a simple conversation and simple actions in the world.

Yet, does not the new world ask of you to be fully alive, to have all of these aspects of being integrated into one consciousness, to be an individual who knows their own soul, knows their own spirit, knows their own mind and able to negotiate these complex elements of your being in such a way that harmony ensues and that sense can be made of these interactions? Indeed, the challenge is to deal with the sensitivity that comes, that delicate flower of your consciousness that is engaged in this way. It can bring about aspects of consciousness that are distracting, maybe even distressing as you see through the veneer of the human condition to the core of that condition, as you have your spirit friends close to you and yet you are engaging in your work which may require your mindful considerations. As you feel the yearnings and longings of your soul and have some insight into the movements of energy and activities of the spirit body as well as the material body.

These things can be very complicated indeed, but you have within you the capacity to observe, to experience, to integrate, and to utilize all of these aspects and elements within you that are active and moving and interacting. You can do so consciously. This informs many things if you allow it to do so. It can inform deep decisions, important decisions in your life. It can inform your actions because as you garner deeper insights, impressions, feelings, and perceptions of things, then you are more informed and thereby, can make an informed decision.

Thus, we are encouraging you upon this path so that you are a fully integrated individual, that you can indeed take in all of this information from all of these different places and still gain your composure and outward expression in life. It can be a balancing act indeed. There can be aspects of this that are quite distracting and distressful. Yet, as you mature and grow, as your soul grows in God’s Love, as your spirit radiates and feels the condition of God’s Love within your soul touching your spirit and then your consciousness, your material consciousness and being in harmony with all of these things, then you will find it possible and at times, easier to walk in the world in the way which I suggest.

As you come closer to that place of true consciousness, then you will be used as God’s instruments more effectively and powerfully in the world. You will know your next steps with every breath. You will feel the momentum of God’s Will working through you. You will understand why you act as you do and how you may act in accordance and in harmony with God’s Will. You will see yourself from a much different place, a place of true wisdom and knowledge, compassion and love. You will walk in grace, beloveds, true grace and harmony.

The challenge and the work that is ahead is to come to that place of integration, to be aware of those aspects of yourself that are at this moment active. But in many ways, you are not aware, and so, the spectrum of your consciousness must open greatly, taking in the entire picture and being strong enough to integrate and accept with peace of mind, with the confidence and grace that is required to act in this way. That all that is coming into your consciousness may not flood you in such a dramatic way that you are confused or frightened.

Rather, as you are slowly introduced to these aspects of yourself and in time integrating them by utilizing these things in your daily life, then you become acclimated to a new way, a new understanding and perception of yourself. Yes, much is coming, my beloved friends. Be aware with each moment, each breath, each day what is new and what is coming to you. Be sensitive to yourself. Be sensitive to the world around you. Allow this sensitivity to be an acceptable and common practice of your everyday being. As you become more sensitive and as different doorways of consciousness open, then you will slowly integrate these things and will come to that place which we are very much interested in you arriving at and being truly a part of, to know your own and full true self.

This is the gift that comes with the Essence of God inflowing into your soul. It ignites many things including those things of which I speak of today. You come ever so slowly to the fountainhead of awareness, knowledge, truth, wisdom, compassion, and grace where love is part of everything and everything is a part of the Love that grows within you.

It is a formidable journey, one which you take on this earthly plane, which as I say, has many challenges and even pitfalls. Yet, you are upheld, guided, protected, inspired, and surrounded by your angel friends and by others who have your best interests at heart. So, you will not stumble and fall and become disillusioned and know much pain. Rather, you may trip at times. You may stumble into realms of consciousness that you are not familiar with. But indeed, all is to your benefit. All will help you to grow and awaken to your true self. This comes ever so gradually. Like petals opening to a flower, it comes slowly but surely responding to the warmth and Light of God’s Love.

You will find yourself walking in a different world, a world that many do not see and know, a world that is true and powerful, beautiful, full of possibilities, and different dimensions of consciousness available to you. Indeed, the price you may pay for this is an acute awareness of the human condition. As your encounter other souls upon your path, you will see beyond the mask, that which has been contrived within them to the true self which can often be quite disconcerting.

My beloved and beautiful friends, this is your task at hand. This is how you will grow and be utilized in powerful ways to help change the world. From the beginning, your souls have eagerly come to accept this fate. It is for your mind to accept this as well and to be curious about and open to it and true to your true self. In this way, your steps will be steady. Your progress will be ever upward. It will be a harmonious journey rather than erratic and reliant upon your whims and your material will.

 I urge you, my beloved friends, to continue to pray for the inflow of God’s Love. Continue to pray for the opening of your gifts. Continue to pray to know your true self. Continue to pray to be close to God for this is the Source of All that which I speak. Continue to live in harmony with your world and with one another. Continue to set your intentions for the highest. Continue to yearn for the Grace of God.

May you be blessed, my friends. I am Orion. I am with you, all of you, and shall ever be as you traverse this world and I love you, such beautiful and brave souls. I often think that you stepped forward blindly, naively yet with great faith. I have a great appreciation for this. I will continue to help guide you as the blindfold is removed, as you continue to see more clearly, and as you continue to adjust and be in greater alignment with all that truly is. Blessings to you, my friends. We continue to walk together. Blessings to you all. Your friend Orion is a friend true and forever. God bless you.
