---
title: "The Struggle Between the Darkness and the Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Struggle Between the Darkness and the Light"
date: 2025-07-01 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Struggle Between the Darkness and the Light

October 31<sup>st</sup>, 2023

Online Prayer Circle, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

I am Orion. You continue to mine the depths of your souls, my friends, breaking through layer after layer of old conditions and encrustations. These things are crystalised on your soul and need effort to remove them, to break through them.

As you continue in this process these old conditions are very difficult to remove and to break through. For they have been well established within your consciousness and around the condition of your soul. This does not mean that your soul is resistant or does not receive the inflowing of God’s Love. Rather your capacity to feel and know this blessing is restricted by these conditions around you, surrounding your soul.

Thus you must continue to mine away to break free these conditions. Indeed as more of God’s Love continues to infill you, so it softens these hardened conditions, assisting you in the process, making it easier for you to confront and release them. As this process continues, so the awakening of the soul becomes more conscious. Within you and around you is a greater capacity of awareness. You will find your way to those deep places within, labouring away upon that which holds you from it, keeping you focused upon it. The desires of your soul, those longings within draw your attention. As you feel them and know them, so you express them to God and much continues to move, to be released, to be healed.

So it is upon this journey you take upon the earthly plane. A difficult journey indeed, but one that you have not shirked from nor have you deflected from it. Rather you have met it head on and continue to do so. You will find the blessings, the rewards that will come from your diligence, from your focus, from your faith, from your prayers. These things come with great effort, I know, but they come. Indeed the encrustations loosen, fall away like **seams of coal** guarding that light.

You must toil away, my friends. Seek to come to the centre, the source, the true self that longs to be awakened and freed from that which entraps it and brings pain and reflects pain. Allow yourself the luxury of this expansive freedom of the soul. There are cracks and fissures where you may enter therein, your consciousness is not barred from this place. Rather it is a struggle to wedge your way through those places that allow your consciousness to enter therein.

Focus and be diligent. Be of good faith, recognise the desire that runs deep within you. Focus upon this for this brings the passageway into the light that is within you. There are many ways that God will guide you and assist you upon this journey within. It comes in bits and pieces, vignettes of experience, possibilities that come with love. It is yours for the taking, my beloved friends. Grab what you can, seek what is in front of you. Know that God will allow you and assist you upon this struggle to find the spaces in between the darkness that will bring you to light.

May you be blessed, my beloved and beautiful friends, blessed and cared for, surrounded in love. We are there. We acknowledge your struggles. We acknowledge your successes. We acknowledge the beauty of your soul. We will always align ourselves with the Will of God and respect your efforts and your journey.

So it will be my friends. So it will be that the struggles against the darkness, against the human condition, against all that is not of light will be hard won. Yet God provides you with the strength and the assistance to successfully move beyond these barriers. Continue to pray for the gift of love. Continue to pray to seek your true self. Continue to find our gracious God in every part of your life, that your souls may sing with its truth and the truth of God where His essence lives within you.

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I love you dearly. God bless you all on this journey.
