---
title: "May God's Gentle Touch Enter into Every Aspect of Your Lives"
menu_title: ""
description: "May God's Gentle Touch Enter into Every Aspect of Your Lives"
date: 2025-04-17 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# May God's Gentle Touch Enter into Every Aspect of Your Lives

March 28<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

May God’s gentle Touch enter into every aspect of your lives, beloveds. I am Mary and I come to be with you in prayer, that you may know that love is part of everyone’s life, everyone’s journey. It is there because you have opened yourself to it. It is there because God wishes for His Love to uplift you and to change you, to heal you, and to bring you peace. May you truly be a part of the flow of God’s Love and Will in your life. May you come to accept the infiltration of this love into everything so that, as you live your daily lives, you may see God’s workings and blessings within it. And as you express yourself in your life, may you feel the flow of His Love through you in everything that you do.

As you reach up with your soul’s longing desire to be uplifted and healed and at peace, know that with the simple act of a longing soul that is sincere, that these blessings will come readily. Allow yourselves to be embraced by God, to truly be in His Light, to truly know Him as He is, your loving Father who wishes to bring all that is good, the richness of light and love and joy. These things can be yours and are yours, beloveds, because you have acknowledged God, you wish to be His children, truly, in alignment with His Creation and Laws of Love. So, as you progress within your souls, so you will know this alignment, will know the harmony of this alignment, will know the joy of His Love in your lives.

My beloved children, I am with you often. I bring comfort to you, I embrace you. For I am an angel of God, an inhabitant of His Celestial Kingdom and as such, I am His servant, His channel of love, and He utilises me in many different ways to many different souls, both in the flesh and in spirit. So I come to you as your humble servant, as one who loves you. May you feel the power of my love and acknowledge that this love comes from God, that we are all embraced by God, and we shall be carried ever further along the path towards at-onement. Drink in the peace of His Presence. Open your souls to the inflowing of His Essence. Be true to all that is of God’s Creation, and all that is of God will be true to you. You will know the wonders, the glories that come with a soul awakened and redeemed.

May God bless you my beloved, beloved children of God. May God keep you in His Light. May God carry you ever higher into light and further from the darkness, so that it cannot touch you in any way, that you are freed from the burdens and the pain of human life and walk in the joy of a soul redeemed and transformed. It is at your fingertips, beloveds. It awaits your prayers, your longings, your open heart. It awaits each child to come into the fold and be embraced by all that is Divine and beautiful.

God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary and I love each one of you. Precious to my heart are you, beloveds, precious to my heart, and I pray for each one of you. As you continue on your journey to find greater love and truth and light, I am with you, never to leave you. I embrace you always and I love you. God bless you, beloveds. I am Mary and I love you.
