---
title: "You Will Not Falter"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Will Not Falter"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Will Not Falter

April 11<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

A fine line is it not, between your own inner world and to reconcile this with the world around you? I am Orion and I come to help counsel, to love, to uplift as your friend, as a servant of God, as a being who has found his soul awakened and lives within this awakening and this is my wish for you, beloved friends, that indeed we will be comfortable together at all times. We will exert and honor this friendship, this gift that God has given to us, that you will not doubt my presence or that which I say and bring to you, in hope of bringing enlightenment and truth. For God has truly bonded us together. God carries us all upon a journey, a journey that will take its twists and turns as all journeys do. Yet this is a journey like none other. This is a journey that if you were to tell your family and friends about, would they believe you? Would they acknowledge this? They would consider this fantasy, something you’ve contrived within your minds and yet you are all individuals and yet there are all of you. How could this be, that collectively you join in an illusion? No, my friends, this is no illusion.This is the reality of God and the possibilities that come with this reality that is God’s creation, a reflection of His love in all of you and all of us seeking to be in the world as a channel, as a useful part of God’s plan and God’s will. And so we grow together, do we not?  Each has their own adjustment to make. Each continues to find their way in their unique way, those challenges that come, those rewards that come, the tasks of a life that are inevitable and the triumphs of overcoming these tasks and so you share together, the joy of acknowledging that God has created a path for each of you to follow and to be engaged within, in such a way that you grow and learn, but also that you are used as God’s instruments along the way. Yes, you have your ideas of what that looks like, how you may be that instrument, the manifestations that you so long to see, accomplished and readily expressed and yet there is so much more than what is in your minds. There is so much more to this than you can possibly comprehend at this time.

But as you grow in love, as your souls awaken, so the breadth and depth of perception and understanding will come to you in many ways and you will see in many different levels and aspects of soul perception. But indeed, you are often stuck with your two-dimensional view of the world. You venture forth into other dimensions and yet, because of the foreignness of these experiences, you tend to negate them. Your material mind is skeptical. You live in a world that is skeptical. It is not a world that is open and filled with hope and a desire for something higher. Rather it is a world that has accepted its fate, is stuck within a perception, a reality that it has made for itself. It’s not of God’s doing. It’s man’s doing. And so the tide runs against you, my friends. Every time you wish to break free of human convention and perception, you are confronted by this condition that insists upon uniformity, upon a certain reality. Yet, you persist. We persist. We continue to work together, to break down those barriers to be strong enough to go against this tide readily and to live a life that is a reflection of the truth of God, the truth of His laws, the truth of His creation. This you do, each and every day, to some extent, and I know you get tired of forcing yourself against the flow of human will and coming to adopt the little god, in this particular flow, but you are strong in light. You’ve many strengths within you that you don not realize you have. There is a persistency within you, within your soul that insists upon this journey to be in alignment with all that is the divine, to truly walk in the world as an example of it.

And so, you draw us, your angel friends and many, to surround you in love and support, protection, to uplift you in light, to carry you as those currents that are contrary to your journey to strengthen and try to uproot you and try to carry you in the opposite direction that you wish to go. We are there. We stand by you resolutely. We are there to insure that you do not falter. We are there to help you gain greater strength, greater wisdom, greater light. And so, we will always be there together, my friends, always.You will not falter. You will not capitulate to the currents of human will. Rather as you grow, day by day, you will be stronger. You will see more clearly. You will find your way. So that you may not doubt or be weakened in any way. My beloved friends, the will of God will carry you. The love of God will strengthen and transform you. The blessings of God will be your daily succour as you feed upon the divine and all that it has to offer, so you will be transformed and be free of this human condition. Know that I am with you as are many and we uphold you always so that you are never alone but always upheld in the light, in the truth of love.

I thank you for your persistence. I thank you as you exercise your faith and thus walk in the light of truth. I thank you for your trust and your endeavors and how you focus your thoughts upon that which is the highest and that which God intends to be the reality in your world. Continue to imagine this reality. Continue to long for this and be a part of the transforming currents and work that will bring this reality forward. May God’s love continue to inform all that you do, to awaken your soul, to infill your soul as it expands in light as you grow in this love, so our bond strengthens and your bond with your angel friends and beings of light in alignment with God. All will come to fruition, my friends. You will see. The miracles, the little miracles of everyday life will reflect the light of your soul and the efforts that you make. May God bless you, beloved souls. I am Orion and I love you. I love you so dearly. I embrace you. My beloved earthly friends, precious to me, a gift to me to know you and to witness your progress in light. God bless you. God bless you all.
