---
title: "The Benefits of a Spiritual Life"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Benefits of a Spiritual Life"
date: 2025-04-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Benefits of a Spiritual Life

January 28<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Barbados

Andrew & Grace Jordan received by Al Fike

Beloved souls, I am Andrew. I come to introduce a dear and beloved soul and to acknowledge that the power of Divine Love is great, and as you receive the gift of this Love, you may be deeply blessed, and doors might open that would otherwise not. So, God has blessed us with the presence of many who are associated with our host. These family members on the other side of the veil crowd around us all at this time and their spokesperson is someone that some of you know well and you have all heard about, so I will allow her to speak through this instrument.

Yes, I am Grace, your mother and friend. How blessed we are today to be in this Circle of Light together and to see those in my family attending such a circle, and they are curious about me. Indeed, I wish I could manifest clearly so that you might see me, my friends, my children. Someday may this be possible, but for now I come as I can through this instrument and I come to assure you all that I am very well indeed, very well indeed.

Ah, the joys of living in the light and feeling the Touch of God with me in every moment, something I have prayed for all my life, something I have desired. So, I worked hard to please God and to please my brothers and sisters who were downtrodden, who were in need of whatever support I could give. I dedicated my life to this, for within me was a burning desire to serve and love, and all that I did was acknowledgement of our precious Heavenly Father. All that I did was to uphold and to give love to those around me, and God blessed me in many ways and as such, He made me a formidable force in the world. Though I was not particularly well known outside of my circles, still I stepped forward boldly without hesitation and I worked, and I worked to bring whatever I might bring to help satisfy the needs of others who were in my circles, my familiars.

Beloved friends and family, what gave me the strength to be who I was, to love as I did, to share of myself with my family and friends, was because God touched my soul, and I was blessed with His Love. Even when I did not really understand it, I was blessed with His Love. For that is the great catalyst, the great power that can grow within every soul and bring forth great potentials, great gifts that would allow that individual to be in the world as a light, and it is light that is needed. It is light that is the catalyst for change. It is not human will and desire to implement ideas that originate from mindful things, though this is the way humanity has lived for a long time. No, it is light, my friends, the Light that comes from God’s Touch within, the Light that brings His Will through each of us, helping us to have the insight, the ability, the motivation to help our fellow man.

When I say this, I believe that each of you recognize this and each of you expresses this in your own way. I want to encourage you, for the road to light in my realms, the spirit places, is by fostering light, by being light, by knowing truly what light is and where it comes from. For this Light that I speak of, comes from God. It comes as you pray and make your time with God, and in praying, I urge you to ask for the gift that God has to give to you. That gift is His Essence, His Love flowing into you, a love that shall remain there forever, a love that will grow forever. Be with God, my beloved, beloved friends, my children whom I love and all in this world who are in need of love. Many look to one another to be loved and at times find nourishment there. But that love is limited, it is fickle, and many of you have been hurt by the fickleness of another whose motivations are often more for themselves than for others.

With God it is a different story. God’s Love is there always. It is never removed, is never withheld. It is always there, my friends, it is always there for you. If you but ask, if you but lay your heart open, wide open to God, you will find that His Love will pour upon you and into you mightier and more blessed than any love that you have felt. It is available to you at any time. Just sit quietly and pray. When you are out in the world, and you experience something difficult or some dilemma that may be presented to you, sit quietly and pray for a solution.

This I did over and over again and indeed, the solutions came to me. Indeed, God cleared the passage for me and my life was a beautiful flow of love, of giving, of appreciating the gift of life. I served God and in this, I was greatly rewarded. I received the greatest blessing of all, His love. I walked in light, both here on Earth and in the world of spirit. I did not know darkness even though darkness was there, and I struggled like everyone does. But in my struggles, I had a strength and a light that allowed me to overcome, certainly more readily than many others. And in this overcoming, in my experience in life, I gained wisdom, I gained strength and I gained peace. For God gave to me all that I needed to live a good life and indeed, I was greatly blessed in every respect.

Now I see my family comes to the fountainhead of God and I urge you to drink deep, each of you, drink deep from this fountainhead, for the Living Waters of God are splashing all about you. It is for you to put your lips to these waters and drink. My beloveds, my beloveds, it is the source of all peace and truth, wisdom and love. It is that which will replenish and refresh and awaken you, will give you what you need in a world that demands so much, will allow you to navigate those places that would draw you into darkness. Rather, you will know them and see for yourself the path that you must take towards light. There is much to be learned yet, my beautiful friends and family. There is much that the Celestial Angels may give to you to help and guide you along the way. There is much that God wishes to give to you, and that which is available to you is greater than anything that you can imagine. For it is eternal bliss, eternal light, healing beyond anything that medicine can give.

God is here with us now. God beseeches you to open to His Love and so do I. For I am a living example of the transformation of the soul. I am a Celestial being, an angel within the Celestial Realms, and I shine forth in the grace and glory of His Love and I have been given the privilege and the blessing to speak to you today. I thank this dear instrument and his wife. I thank you for gathering. I urge you to continue to pray, to continue to seek all that which is spiritual and all that which is of the truth. For this is the road to happiness and peace and fulfillment. Nothing else can give to you what God can give. Nothing else is greater than what God can give. No greater healing can there be. No more wonderful an experience that can come as you seek the blessings of God in your life.

My beloved friends, I thank you for the efforts you make, for each of you strives for light. Each of you wishes to be healed and made better by God’s Touch, and so you shall be blessed. So you shall be blessed with the Touch of God, His Holy Spirit bringing His Love forth. Drink deep, drink deep and know that God is with us. I thank you and I love you all, beloveds, beloved souls, beloved children. I thank you and I love you. God bless you. I am Grace. Have no doubt it is me. I am Grace, your mother, grandmother and friend. I am here with you in prayer as are many, many others who join me in this circle. God bless you, God bless you all in His Love. In the name and glory of His Love, may you be blessed, my friends.
