---
title: "Knowing the Wisdom of Your Soul Brings Greater Harmony to Your Life"
menu_title: ""
description: "Knowing the Wisdom of Your Soul Brings Greater Harmony to Your Life"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Knowing the Wisdom of Your Soul Brings Greater Harmony to Your Life

September 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved students. It is your teacher, Augustine. Now comes a time of great activity and effort to uphold your community, to uphold the truth of Divine Love, to uphold the teachings that Jesus brought through his ministry many years ago and the teachings that came through the instrumentality of James Padgett and now others upon the earthly plane. For it is important that these teachings are sustained in your world, that they are not lost in the tumult of the earthly changes and conditions, that they are shared and demonstrated in the world. Each of you who has walked this path for some time has the responsibility to bring this truth to others, not in a way that you force it upon them, but in the way that you bring the light, truth, peace and love of your being and your channel to humanity.

I urge you to pray, beloved souls, how you might do this. How does your instrumentality and gifts align with God and His Will and plan for the salvation of humanity. Each of you has within your mind certain ideas, goals and ambitions in regard to your desire to be used as God’s instrument. I say to you, that this is only a superficial perspective, one that comes from the material mind and the ideas that reflect the human condition. There is a deeper understanding, a deeper way that comes from the soul. Now is the time to awaken yourselves to these things, to be cognizant, not only within your material mind but within your soul’s mind, that which is part of God’s plan for you, that which is of God’s guidance and Will. Are you able to put aside the mindful things of past ideas and perspective? Are you able to accept the transformation that is happening within your own self and realise that the individual that you are, that true self that is within you, may be quite different from that which you project out into the world through your life’s experience and your mindful ideas of what is acceptable?

It is challenging. But this path has always been challenging, has it not, my beloved students? Yet, through all the experiences you’ve had in life, through all that is happening now within your life, through the experiences you have had with God and your connection between your soul and God’s Soul, does this not bring a great wealth of information to your conscious self? Does this not inform you and teach you of that which is productive and loving and forms a connection with others and that which does not? Do not wear a mantle of your own creation and expectation in your life. Wear the mantle of the wisdom of God and that wisdom that comes with God’s grace within your soul flowing out into your life. Do not wear the mantle of expectation of others. But rather come to God in humility and seek to fulfil God’s expectations of you, which are not great and varied but simple.

God’s expectations of you are that you are light, that you are in harmony with His laws of love, that you are a channel, an instrument to bring love and light in the world. It does not require a great deal of complex education and formulating within your mind ideas of what this means, this instrumentality that God wishes of you. Rather, it is a day by day, feeling and intuition of God’s will, a perception of what may unfold and that, as you let God lead and you to follow, then these expectations, the Divine Will, is expressed through you fluidly and reflexively. It is not contrived. Rather, it is the outpouring of love which has its manifestations in many different ways, ways that are in harmony with your being, ways that are in harmony with God’s creation.

Humanity approaches problems from a very different perspective. In order to find solutions, there is analysis and intellectual processes which come to certain conclusions. When one acts upon these conclusions, then the problem is solved, at least within the minds of those who are involved in these actions. This has brought certain outcomes and conditions in your world that are not altogether out of harmony with God. Yet, in the majority of cases, it has brought disharmony and has brought man away from God because it is a lop-sided view of the world, one that is proclaimed and dominated by the material mind that has been well developed through the history of humanity. This has never been meant to be an experience of human endeavour.

Rather, what is intended is that humanity seeks its guidance from God, seeks its inspiration from God, seeks the solutions from God. Then receiving the solutions, the guidance, the mind is engaged to act in accordance with the information and inspiration that God gives as well as being in harmony with love and in harmony with God’s creations. These implementations work to further greater harmony in the world and within the individual. You have been asked to walk this road to demonstrate this very path and way of being in the world and often this is in conflict with your will and mind and those things that you have been well-indoctrinated within that dictate certain parameters and ideas of conscious expression.

My beloved and beautiful friends, students of the truth, you know within you that there are far greater capacities and abilities than what you express at this time and that through prayer and seeking God’s Touch within your soul, God’s Will within your consciousness, God’s Love expressed in everything that you are and everything that you do, that solutions to the dilemmas of your life will come in this way. The Touch of God must enter every aspect of your life. A light of God must be within you, through you, all about you. The Inspiration and guidance of God must be your touchstone as you journey upon this earthly plane.

These things do not come readily to mortals. In fact, the history of mortals upon this world has been often a contradiction to God’s intention and Will for humanity. You must change this and you must teach this truth, this way that is in harmony with God, in harmony with His laws. I daresay, you have a great way to go yet to truly understand these concepts, these truths, but you are well grounded in the Love of God. Each of you is a light. Each of you edge closer to that time of revelation and realisation of your true self and your true relationship with God.

So, we continue to guide you, to be with you, to bring you into that place of harmony with God’s Will, of realisation of who and what you are and who and what God is. As you continue on this journey, God utilises you in many different ways as the truth of your being and your purpose and the purpose of your life is revealed to you gradually, as your eyes open to this truth, as you come to know all that is of the Divine. You become a formidable instrument upon the Earth. You will be His channels, lights in the world. Put aside the old and worn traits and patterns, not in a way that your mind chastises you and rejects what you see are flaws, but in the way of faith where you may walk in the world trusting in God’s Will, trusting in the truth that will come to consciousness, trusting in your capacities and abilities of a soul being transformed in God’s Love. In this way, as opportunities arise and as I began this talk to say that many opportunities are coming to you and quickly, each opportunity is a test and a gift, allowing you to find your way upon this path that I describe, to find how you may realise your true potentials as God’s instruments and as God’s true children in the light and love of His creation.

Yes, you will be tested, beloved souls, but failure does not mean consequences and chastisement. It merely suggests that you may look at what caused this failure and learn from it. Then when another opportunity arises, you may correct your behaviour and be more in harmony with that which is of God’s laws of love, that which is truly of yourself. For this is what is needed, your true self emerging into your consciousness so that you may accept this whole-heartedly. Embrace yourself in love. Walk in the world in love. Love yourself. Love your brothers and sisters. When you can do this without hesitation, without forcing yourself to overcome the barriers and the judgements, when you can elect to love as a natural and wholesome part of your being, then, you have passed a great test and you have overcome a great hurdle. As we have said many times, it is your mind that restricts this behaviour. Indeed, as the power of God’s Love grows within your soul, so your mind must and will acquiesce to the will of your soul mind, your soul being which reflects the Will of God through you.

These things come with each day. The challenge of each day offers you a choice to be in harmony with God, to be humbled by His Will and to know it and express it or to continue on as the vast majority of your brothers and sisters do, forging a willful trail upon the Earth and, in many ways, causing yourself great distress, pain and consequences. You all know better than this. You all are well-equipped to overcome these human inclinations and to truly be within the harmony and Will of God, to truly be within your soul and know your soul and allow your soul its expression in your material life, in your spiritual life, in all aspects of your life.

May you be blessed by the hand of God with each breath. May you walk swiftly upon the Path Divine and progress accordingly. May you be a light truly. My beloved and beautiful students, each of you carries great gifts, potentials. Each of you is unique and each of you desires to expedite the true uniqueness of your soul expressed and fulfilled in the Love of God.

May you be blessed in this way, beloved souls, and know God fully. Be in harmony and alignment with your Creator and open yourself to a mighty inflowing of the Divine Essence, the elixir of transformation love, and awakening and all truth upon the Divine Path. May God bless you. I am your teacher, Augustine. My love as always is with you. My support is never ending and true. God bless you, beloved souls. God bless you.
