---
title: "Lesson on Following the Guidance of God"
menu_title: ""
description: "Lesson on Following the Guidance of God"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Lesson on Following the Guidance of God

June 24<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Augustine received by Al Fike

God bless you. I am your teacher, Augustine. I welcome you to come together in this way. These gatherings have a rhythm to them. God coalesces you together and you are infused with many blessings and then God disperses you into your various homes and places of residence so that you may practise what has been given, express these things, that you may integrate and recalibrate your perspectives so that you are truly transformed and changed by these experiences together. Each time you come together, the blessings are more intense, more powerful and within your souls you feel excitement, eagerness and desire to be in this Circle of Light. We do not make these efforts for just anyone. You come together because you are dedicated souls in God’s Love and your intentions are unified as you come together, thus creating greater harmony amongst you and greater possibility of God’s blessings upon you, within you, around you.

A development of your gifts, beloved souls, is of great importance and priority as you continue to grow in the Father’s Love in your soul continue to be cleansed, transformed and awakened. So you are prepared for another time of blessings in your circle of light. So these things come in accordance to the rhythm and readiness of each of you and the possibility of your coming together in this way. It is a great gift given to you, beloved souls and it is a gift given to us who come to minister to you, to work with you, to help develop you. How blessed we all are as we continue to follow the will of God, to be in harmony with His will and His plan. Your stories reflect this, beloved souls, as you have made your way here. Has not God opened the way? Is there not greater harmony and ease and flow to your efforts? This is an indication that you have not come together simply because of your will and decision but because it is God’s Will and desire that you do so. As you continue to grow in the Father’s Love, as you continue to awaken to your purpose, your gifts and God’s plan for you, so you will find a greater ease in your life and a greater harmony to it.

Each of you is preparing the way for yourselves and listening to the guidance that comes in order to prepare your way. So changes have ensued. You have listened. You have felt the impetus of God’s Will within your life and what that might bring. Each of you will continue to do so, awakening to the various aspects and elements that need to be in place in your life so that the work may truly begin in earnest. When you feel the guidance, when you understand, when you have a vision, when you know the right steps, I urge you to take them, to accept them, to move forward with them. Indeed, there’s always timing to these things and if you feel hesitant and yet guided at the same time, merely wait. Wait for that time that is right. Wait for all the elements that fall into place so that things may indeed move smoothly and harmoniously. Each time this happens, it is a test for you.

Some of you have a tendency to jump when you are guided to jump ahead, putting all caution to the wind. Others are the opposite to this. They hesitate and ruminate. Yet somewhere in the middle is the right course, the right way that is in harmony. A considered step forward, one that is done in faith, one that is done with eyes open, ears open, souls open, minds open so that the correct movement is done and expressed in your life, this is where wisdom comes in, beloved and beautiful souls. When you do an act that is guided and you apply wisdom to it, then you are indeed upon the right course. Indeed, greater harmony comes, greater joy ensues from these acts of faith.

When you walk in faith and act in faith and do so because you’ve been guided and you trust in your guidance, that your mind has not has not distorted it too greatly, that the very impetus and trust of this guidance is not lost and is well understood, then you will indeed, find your way. God will light the markers upon the path and as you receive these confirmations of this guidance, then you know well that you are on the right path. In this world, this material world where conditions are so unreliable, tumultuous, difficult, it is hard for anyone to follow the guidance of God clearly and to follow that road without veering away, without being distracted but merely walking in faith on the straight and narrow. But there are times when the straight and narrow is readily obtained and there are times when you are distracted and the world around you seems to conspire to take you off this path.

You are well aware of negative forces in the world, well aware of the needs all around you of your families and loved ones, the needs of your society, the needs that are ever present in the world. But if you are able and willing to navigate your way through this maze of implied need and intention from the outside world, indeed, being in harmony and providing love and consideration for those around you and yet continuing to walk the road that God intends, then you will see that God will insure that the needs of others are applied and healed and acknowledged, not necessarily by your own hand and when you are able to release that intention, that desire to rush forward to meet the needs of a loved one, rather to pray and to be at peace about it, then indeed, if you are meant to apply yourself in that direction, so God will guide you. But if not, God will guide another who will step in for you, if that is what is needed.

There are many aspects about fulfilling the guidance of God to be His instruments, to be that channel of light that you so desire to be. My beloved and beautiful students, you must learn each day as you apply these principles to your life and see how God will indeed make your life easier, will indeed help you to put aside those conditions that put strain and pain upon you at times. My beloved and beautiful students, following the will of God is both simple and complex. The simplicity is the Will of God. The complexity is the will of man and so you must discern between the two and align yourself with the will of God. In this way the road will not be circuitous. It will be clear and straight and readily walked upon.

Beloved souls, you are a light. You have within you every capacity, every ability to know the will of God. Your souls are alive with the light of His love. His workings are changing you, healing you. In this way, provided you are able and willing to sidestep the complexities and the ruminations of the material mind and go directly to your soul, then the Will of God will become evident, more than evident and in this way your life will be simplified. What you are meant to do, how you express yourself, how you are in the world will reflect the simplicity and the power of love and the powers that come to solutions that are in harmony with God’s laws of love. Nurture yourself, beloved souls. Nurture your capacity to love: to love yourself, to love others, and truly understand what this is. For often your idea of love is quite different from what true love is. Often when you supply nurturing and answer the needs of another, part of you is resistant, resentful, for you feel deprived within yourself and I say to you, this is because you are applying a human-made principle rather than the Divine principle.

So it is important to truly understand what love is, to truly apply the expression of love in your own life. For when you do this, when you apply the Divine Love in your life then all will be in harmony. There will be peace; peace within you, peace around you, peace that flows through you. Remember this, beloved souls, remember, when all is in harmony, it is reflected in light, love, peace and all things come together in the way that is in harmony. May God bless you, my beloved students. I am your teacher, Augustine and I thank you for coming together this day. I thank you for the opportunity to speak to you and to give a lesson that is important and should be shared with others. God bless you. God bless you all in His love.
