---
title: "The Fascinating Distractions to Soul Integration"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Fascinating Distractions to Soul Integration"
date: 2025-04-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Fascinating Distractions to Soul Integration

March 4<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Seretta Kem received by Al Fike

Blessings to you, my beloved friends. I am Seretta Kem. Today I wish to speak of the process of integration, of the three aspects of yourself which is the soul, the spirit body, and the physical body and mind. This is a very complex process and you are experiencing these complexities each and every day, for as you monitor your own condition and progress, you see that there are many elements involved in the quality and depth of your consciousness at any given moment. Living upon the Earth plane, indeed your bodies and minds are most evident and active in your conscious awareness of life. Every moment, you are utilizing these two parts of yourself to navigate your life’s experience. Yet, within you is a deep desire to go beyond this and to be aware of it as you progress in your consciousness from that of the material to the spiritual to the soulful.

For many of you, that progression has made you more aware of your spirit body and mind and the consciousness that comes with it. So there is often an interplay between these two aspects of yourself. When I say interplay, I mean that it is a conscious back-and-forth between these two avenues of experience and perception. There is always an interplay that is subconscious as you would call it that you are not aware of. Of course, everyone on the Earth plane is experiencing this form of relationship between the energies of the body and the materialism that is also part of your body.

Yet, as you progress and as we continue to work upon you to help in your progression, this integration of the two consciouses of the material and the spirit continues to strengthen and become more evident in your life. In these experiences, you are becoming more aware of finer sensibilities and sensitivities that come with the spirit body mind and material body-mind. In your experiences of these things, you feel you are progressing well and indeed you are. It is almost as if filaments of light are being interconnected between these two aspects of yourself. In this, these two elements are becoming integrated. In time, there will be a great fluidity of consciousness that will be derived from this integration.

Yet, this is not the ultimate goal. The ultimate goal is the integration of the soul mind with all other aspects of yourself. But it seems that in the conscious progression of your spiritual self, these two elements, that of the spirit body and the material body, are more readily available in a conscious way to your understanding of your progress. So, there is often a great focus on these experiences, sensations, and perceptions. You are often well-satisfied with the results of this conscious evolution of your being and your capacity to relate to the world, not only the world that is material but the world that is spirit.

In your world, this is considered great progress by many, many who are seeking spirituality. Thus, the gurus, the leaders, the light-bringers, and the inspirers of your world are most definitely caught up in this process of integration. In many ways, so are you, my beloved friends. You feel this is important and in need of your focus and understanding of your spiritual life. To some degree, this is correct. But I say to you, my friends, that the soul cannot be neglected in this process of integration. It is of the utmost importance that you understand and delineate between the experiences of the spirit body and psychic abilities and intuitive abilities of that body and that mind and that of the soul.

It is often this fascination and focus upon this reality that gets in the way of the possibility of knowing your own soul in a clear and integrated way with your mental consciousness. Thus, more prayer, more focus on prayer, and less focus on the psychic sensations and perceptions and feelings that come with your awareness of the spirit body. I am not suggesting that this is irrelevant but there must be a balance. For it is common that you upon the Earth plane are focused upon the material and for some of you who are sensitive, a tendency to focus upon the spirit manifestations within the body and the mind. In this, the soul is a distant third in your awareness and your experiences.

Our desire and goal are to make this experience the primary one in your spiritual life. For the faculties and capacities of the soul are far greater than those other two parts of yourself. Ideally, the soul should be the leader of your consciousness and should be the source of the wisdom, the love, the flow of awareness and experience in your life. This is the ultimate goal. Of course, it cannot be accomplished unless you are substantially developed within the soul by the inflow of Divine Love. Thus, we encourage you to pray and pray often for the inflowing of this gift, for when the soul is sufficiently empowered by this gift, then these faculties and perceptions are awakened and come to the fore. Thus, integration can take place with this development, this awakening.

In this development and awakening, the expressions and experience of the soul are quite different from that of the spirit mind and the material mind. As you have often experienced, a consciousness of these other two minds can often get in the way of a clear understanding and experience of the soul mind. But as you continue to progress and as we continue to uphold and support you and do what we can to help you in the integration, it will become easier.

But I urge you not to be distracted by those manifestations of the spirit. I know that they are intriguing and will bring you many rewards that your material mind appreciates and understands more readily than soul consciousness. But this is not the goal nor will it ever be the goal in relation to what we are doing here and trying to accomplish between us. Of course, I am using very mindful terms and intellectual concepts in order to to help you understand in the material mind that which I speak of. This is the great flaw of communication, is it not? For you are able to hear these words through this medium and understand that which I speak of from a mindful perspective. Yet, it is somewhat contradictory for what I truly wish to convey to you is a soul concept that is far removed from mindful ideas and intellectualism.

Yet, here we are together upon this earthly plane with all its limitations seeking the highest, the utmost development of our souls, the realization of our gifts that originate from the soul, and the integration of all parts of ourselves in the journey of Divine Love. So, we progress step-by-step. Often, that progression is inhibited by where you put your focus and desires upon, beloved souls. We are here to inspire and encourage you toward soul awareness, toward prayer and communion with our Heavenly Father, the Creator of All Things. We seek for you to in many ways bypass these distractions that are more material concerns and expressions and go directly to the soul which has no material aspects to it. It is purely of God. It is a reflection of God. But it is the window to God. It is the channel by which you may know God. It is the way in which you may awaken those things which God has placed within your soul so that you may truly be in communion with God.

It is a very simple process as you well know. It does not require great thought and examination of the mind. Rather, it is what is reflexive deep within you. As we have said, be innocent in your relationship with your Creator. Be simple in this relationship. Long from the very depths of your being, for within the very depths of your being is great longing, great desire to be with God. So, we continue on this journey, my beloved friends. We continue to seek all that is of God and the soul and the consciousness of the soul becoming fully integrated into your consciousness. Then all of these things may come together in harmony, may fall into place and with integration, will become one within you.

You are a long way off from this, my friends, but you are much further along than the vast majority of your brothers and sisters. So, we have great hope for you and we have great ambitions for you. Not ambitions in the way that you understand ambition but that desire within us to serve, to help uphold, and to show the way toward this great integration that must happen within you as you progress upon the Divine Path. So, we are bonded in love. We continue to share the journey together, brothers and sisters all seeking at-onement with God. So, we shall continue, beloved souls. So, we are on the road, feet firmly planted upon this road. So, we will find our way and go beyond those limitations that we set for ourselves, go beyond the fascinations and the detours that are often a part of human life and behaviour.

Yes, we are your elders, so to speak. We are here to bring our wisdom, uphold you, and love you. So, we shall continue doing so. May you be blessed, beloved souls, with a great inflowing of the Divine Love. May God touch your soul deeply. May you come to the awareness of this Touch and blessing. The key to everything is in this. So, we are together seeking this gift, seeking to share with one another the journey, the bonds of love that continue to grow, the awarenesses that will continue to unfold. May God bless you, beloved souls. I am Seretta Kem and I love you. God bless you.
