---
title: "You are the Hope of the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "You are the Hope of the World"
date: 2025-04-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You are the Hope of the World

February 21<sup>st</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

…prayers and dedications, beloved souls. I am Orion. I come once again to uplift, encourage, and teach my beloved earthly friends. Indeed, our brother speaks of patience. We are learning patience with you, beloved souls, for we are like the proud parents who are observing the child taking its first steps. We have waited a long time for this. Indeed, you are progressing and stepping forward. Patience comes to us because, in our world, our children are born walking, so to speak. These things come naturally and in the fullness of the light and conditions in which they live so they are attuned and they are free from all inhibitions of the spiritual.

Yet, you beloved souls represent the hope for the world, you and others who are striving toward greater light and truth. Indeed, you have had much to overcome and much that still presents itself to press against you in resistance and in darkness and pain and all of those human conditions that are so prevalent in your world. Yet, you persist. You are consistent in your prayers and your desire to reach ever higher in truth, in love, and in light. So, you are the hope of the world for how many have chosen this above all else? In order to accomplish this rising up and creating a sort of immunization from the human condition, you must make this your dedicated focus and application to all that which is of the truth.

Beloved souls, there is much progress to be made. You are well aware as are we. Yet, we continue together upon this somewhat perilous path where you are easily moved from it toward that which may be a distraction or a concern or a fear or a thought. Rather than that straight and narrow road, you weave back and forth but still come to the center, the place of truth for God ensures that you do so, my friends. We are there to help steady you, to help reinforce that which is of light and truth and love. Have faith in this, that your destiny is to find harmony and alignment and truth with God, that His Love continues to exert its force and its upliftment upon you so that you may find your way. Even when those times come when all seems dark and obscured, you are upheld and you are shown the way. You are given the healing and the cleansing that you require in order to see clearly, to be in great alignment with truth and with God’s Will.

You see that all you are going through, each of you in your own way is an education. The experiences that you have first-hand will assist you greatly when the time comes that you must teach and uphold your brothers and sisters for amongst you resides all the pitfalls of your world. Some of you are stronger in certain areas than others. Some are clear in certain truths. Some carry great strength and wisdom. All of you carry love and a desire to be a channel of love. With these noble and beautiful aspirations, however, you also carry those conditions that are not in alignment with this. As you learn to overcome these things, as God helps you to overcome many things, then you are learning and growing and perceiving many pitfalls of the human condition. You are overcoming all that which is not truly a part of your soul. You are beginning to realize the differences that lie within you, this great dichotomy of soul truth and perception and experience and that of the mind. You are learning to discern between the two, to understand your true nature and the duality of that nature. In this, you are overcoming and coming to that point where you may integrate these two aspects of yourself into harmony, peace, truth and light.

It is love that welds together all that is good within you. This integration comes not from great exertion of the mind in intellect and analysis. Rather, it comes as you acknowledge and feel and experience the joy of Love within your soul and this radiates out into your being and through your being so that you indeed acknowledge and integrate this most powerful condition within you, that which will endure for all eternity, my friends. Be true to this part of yourself. Do not get distraught and overcome by those thoughts and conditions within you that are from the past and are often overshadowing your condition. Rather, as this happens, bring this experience, this duality, this discomfort to God and ask God to heal you of it. For this is the quickest way to overcoming all conditions that are not in harmony with His Laws of Love.

Yes, you may indeed acknowledge these things. Allow them to come to consciousness but do not hold onto them, over-analyze them, or make them the focus of your consciousness. Rather, realize that these impediments, these things within you, are in fact a trifling matter which needs to be acknowledged and dealt with immediately. The quicker you can release these things, the less hold they have upon you and the more freedom will come to you in your prayerful expression to God asking to heal you of them. It does indeed take practice, application, and faith for how can you do these things if you do not truly believe in the process? You must have faith in the process, faith in what must be the healing integration, cleansing, and that which will redeem you, all that is a part of the soul’s process of awakening in Divine Love.

Be true to this, my beloved friends. Each of you have those things within you which need your attention and the release that will come with God’s Touch. These are not overwhelming conditions, although at times you feel they are. Rather, they are the remnants of an old life, an old way, an old self that is quickly being transformed in Love. Have compassion for that old self, that lost child, that part of you that has never felt loved or acknowledged. Say to yourself,

> These realities no longer exist within me. They are part of the past and do not need to be a part of my present for indeed, I am a new person, someone who has embraced the transforming Love of God. So I shall move forward in this transformation. So I shall release all of that which is not part of me. So I shall know the freedom and the joy of such a release.

It is for you to acknowledge this, my beloved friends, to step forward, not tentatively as a child who is unsure of their first steps but as a child who eagerly runs toward their loving parent and wishes for their embrace. So you may find that you are capable of much more than you think. You will find that much will open to you with your trust in God and trust in the power of God’s Love to heal you. I know you have this understanding and  trust to a degree but I encourage you to be there in a complete and wholesome way so that those times of expiation, doubt and darkness may leave you forever and you may know the joy and freedom of what you are meant to be and how God has truly created you. I urge you on, my friends, I urge you on in the process for God creates for you many opportunities to test out this truth, to express it in your lives, to truly be within the flow and wonderment of God’s Love for you and His Touch upon you.

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion and I am happy to speak to you today for you are lights truly and you are beautiful. God bless you. My love is with you. God bless you.
