---
title: "Comments on and Collaboration and Correction on Teaching the Truth of Divine Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Comments on and Collaboration and Correction on Teaching the Truth of Divine Love"
date: 2025-06-21 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Comments on and Collaboration and Correction on Teaching the Truth of Divine Love

November 14<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

I continue to awaken you, my beloved friends. I am Orion. I wish to acknowledge this instrument and the collaboration that we are making together in writing a book. A book which I hope will awaken many to the Truths of God’s Love, the truths of life that exist in the universe, the many other truths. For we will continue to collaborate and put into print many truths.

Although this collaboration is unique amongst you, it does not mean that we cannot work with each one of you in these specialised ways, depending upon your gifts, your talents, your desires and your efforts. For it is important that a close rapport and collaboration is developed between yourself and your angel friends or stellar friends, whatever the case may be, that you may indeed have this special relationship with those who guide you. It is important because in the collaboration, you each benefit greatly. You are uplifted. You are in greater light. You are focussed upon higher thoughts and activities. You do not become waylaid by the conditions of the earthly plane. Rather, you have come to work with us and for God, for humanity, for the good of all.

I urge you to consider this, my beloved friends, what you may do at this moment of time, what may come through you at this stage of your soul development and spiritual development so that you may be an instrument for God. Of course the foundation lies within your collaboration with God to be a channel of His Love and blessings through you. This we can all do, my beloved friends, and this we must all do. It is important that you think of how you may do this and how you may be inspired to do this.

All is in God’s hands and yet God requires those active agents on the Earth plane to activate and express the Will of God through them. It is not that you are in charge or that the plan is of your making. Rather, you have come to listen and to be a part of God’s plan as it unfolds. Yet, it requires some of your presence, some of your efforts, some of your desires and of course, some of your gifts expressed. It is not a one-way street. It is important that you open yourselves to the Will of God and open yourselves for what God wills for you and through you, that it may be expressed in many different ways.

Do not doubt yourself nor feel inadequate or that nothing that is happening regarding your instrumentality and God’s desire to utilise your instrumentality on the Earth plane. Nothing could be further from the truth. Yet, how attuned you are, how well you listen, how effectively you see, feel and know from that place of soul that which is happening at this very moment and every moment in time, will bring you to a clear understanding of how you are used and what way your efforts are utilised and your gifts are expressed. Indeed you are climbing that ladder toward higher perception, focus, being within light and love.

You must see yourselves as a work in progress and, indeed, you are progressing upward. Since we first met I have seen great progress. I see greater light with each one of you. None have fallen by the wayside. None have stepped back or backwards in their progress. Rather, you have all progressed forward, some more than others. Of course this is part of your earthly plane and the conditions thereof. Yet, you have progressed nonetheless, my friends, and will continue to do so. We will continue to forge our bonds together, forge the instrumentality that may arise and evolve from this progress of soul awakening. These things will come and are coming as you continue to awaken in God’s Love. And we are with you always, my friends, always.

Now I wish to address a small issue that has been talked about. There have been comments from others that suggest that I do not pray for and long for the great Essence of God within my soul. Apparently, there has been an interpretation of  my messages that suggest that I am a complete soul and that this way of progression is unnecessary for myself or for those who inhabit my planet. This, my friends, is incorrect. Why would I come to speak of this truth if I, too, do not follow it and express it in my life? I want to assure you that I pray for God’s Love very often indeed. While we are together in prayer, I pray for my upliftment and awakening further in God’s Love, as I do for all of you.

The progress of Divine Love is infinite and is never finished. So how could my progress, my life’s expression and journey be complete? It shall never be, my beloved friends. In this, is a deep appreciation for God’s plan and His laws of love, that each and every soul, whether upon this planet or others, may continue to progress forever. What a magnificence, what wonderment is this truth, that we may all progress on a path that never ends on a journey that is never complete.

My beloved friends, I know that you understand this well, that you did not doubt my journey or my commitment. But there are others who read and come to know these passages and therefore, I wish to clarify the issue. I say these things in loving comment, in appreciation for all who walk this path of love. I do not judge others, merely when some error is spoken, I wish to correct it in a way that brings greater harmony, so I have, my friends, so I have.

I want you to know how much I love each one of you, how much I appreciate and honour each one of you. I am blessed to know you all. I am blessed to be a part of the efforts you are making and the efforts that others are making to bring higher truths, greater light, more harmony to your world. We will continue in these efforts. How long I will continue, I have no idea. Rather, I live within God’s Will and the timing of God’s Will. Therefore, I leave it to God to guide me, to direct me and to allow me to be in service in the ways that I am and shall continue to be, so it is with you, my friends. You, too, are in service to God. You, too, shall be directed and the service may indeed be a reflection of eternity. In this service you will know the joy, the blessings, the love that comes abundantly as you open yourselves to the Will of God. May we continue to journey together, my friends, always together, always in service, always in truth. May God bless you. I am Orion and I love you, beloved souls. I love you so much, true friends upon the path of truth. God bless you.
