---
title: "Passageway of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Passageway of Light"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Passageway of Light

May 20<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. The passageway to light is open to you, beloved brothers and sisters. This is a significant gift that is given because you have desired it, prayed for it, opened yourself to it. This crucial decision and choice has allowed for much to flow from that which is light to your great souls who are yearning for light. You have invoked laws that ensure that your prayers, sincere and intense, will reach the Creator of all. In this, the response is light. In this, many other blessings come.

It is a simple process. It does not require great contemplation and analysis. Rather, we are in the light. We have invoked the light. We have invoked what you call the Holy Spirit to bring to you the great Essence of God’s Soul, awakening you as is your destiny to be at-one with God. How much simpler can it be, beloved souls, than to be in the grace of God and to enact the grace of God in your lives, to know the power of love and how it may transform you all and transform this world, to be that child that is in alignment with all that is of creation, that is in harmony with God’s Will, that is a reflection of light? The passageway has been opened by your efforts, that choice you made long ago to be in alignment with God. Indeed, as you can look back upon your life, do you not see how this choice has changed everything? That indeed, you have placed yourself upon a path of great progression, a path that has led you to great understanding, a path that has grown love within you, the true and wondrous Love that is Divine.

For many, this simple road does not satisfy the deep desires of the mind for knowledge and understanding that is of the mind. This is understandable, for you have developed your mind greatly. This is part of your heritage as a human being and thus, to not satisfy this urge for mindful empowerment is most frustrating indeed. Given in balance with the empowerment of the soul, there can be many things accomplished through this engagement. Yet indeed, there are many who have put great effort into mindful pursuits, seeking knowledge in this way. The world is full of those, even those who claim to be of great spiritual understanding who are very much engaged in the mind. They have missed a great opportunity, and that is to see the world from the consciousness of soul. This is a different world, a different perception, a way of seeing that is most elusive for you upon this earthly plane and yet, it is the key to the next step in the evolution of humanity. And you have chosen, you have elected to take that step at whatever price, whatever effort, whatever decision that you have made in order to take that step.

It is not an easy decision, it is not one that is filled with gratification of the mind. Yet, with faith and earnest longing and effort, you are continuing to make that shift between mindful consciousness and soul consciousness, because you are empowering the soul with the great Elixir of God, that thing that will open the faculties, the passageway to light and enlightenment, to love and joy. Indeed, if you have not felt this, experienced this in some way, then you would not be here together. You have come to recognise the greatest truth of all and you have come to explore this truth together, and with the idea that you may bring this truth to humanity in creative ways.

So, we join you as do many, in this great effort to open the passageway of truth for many. So we work together, each and every day, beloved souls, not just on these days that we pray together, but each and every breath that you take, there is an engagement of some form to help develop this gift and develop your souls so that you are in alignment with this gift and this gift is in alignment with you. It is a great effort indeed, one that requires much from us upon the other side of life and those of us from the other side of the galaxy. But because you have a great desire to open these passageways of truth, to elicit the blessings of the great Creator of all, to bring forth an expression, a gift that can bring many to this truth, then you have brought all of this that is our efforts and yours together in harmony and grace, with God’s blessing upon it all.

How fortunate are we, how fortunate are you, to have come to that place of dedication and commitment? You have foregone many other opportunities and possibilities in the material sense in order to be here, in order to focus your efforts in this way, a way that is not well understood by your brothers and sisters all upon this world, a way that does not bring great material rewards and satisfactions to the mind, but a way that is a simple yet beautiful reflection of your soul’s longings to love God and to serve God.

What higher calling can there be than this, beloved souls, than to seek service, to seek truth, to seek light, to seek love, to seek all that is good and of God? For in this, a powerful alignment is created with truth, with the Essence of God and the Presence of God, an alignment that cannot be broken, a choice that has sealed the path that you take for all eternity. This is a gift that you have given to yourself and given to humanity, to pursue the path less followed, to come to that place so very much misunderstood. Yet, you feel the draw, you know the power, the wonderment that is this path and what may come upon it.

Your soul is excited and in joy because you have recognised its true place within your being. That joy will grow, my beloved friends. The understanding and awakening that will come as your soul is transformed by God’s Love will be so wonderful, surprising, glorious, that you will hardly recognise your own self as this transformation takes hold and that all the wonderment of your soul emerges into your consciousness. These gifts that God has implanted will bring to you many things unanticipated, but gloriously welcomed and embraced. Allow yourself to embrace your soul and in so doing, honouring God and God’s Creation.

Bring yourself to that place where your eyes are open, your material minds allowing and honouring the consciousness of the soul. As you do so, you come closer to this great goal that we share, to bring the photoplasmic manifestation of beings of light, Celestial Angels, of us from other places in the universe, of the bright spirits in the spirit world to the plain vision of humanity, that they may see and hear, but also feel the love and blessings that we carry. Indeed, we continue on, my beloved friends. Our dedication increases and solidifies as we march forward in love. Allow yourself the luxury of being immersed in the bliss and Love of God’s Touch as much as you can, beloveds. For this is the key to all of which I have spoken today. It is the key to enlightenment, and it comes drop by drop, breath by breath, step by step.

Be patient, beloved souls. Be of great faith. Honour one another in love. Honour your souls in love. Honour God in love. In this, all will fall into place, that you may not worry that you are in jeopardy or that your efforts will be for naught. Rather, walk in faith that God has you in His Hand and you are safe and you are deeply blessed, beloved souls. God bless you. I am Orion. I am happy to be your friend and to walk with you on this magnificent journey and that we are all in alignment with the Will of God. God bless you, beloved souls. God bless you. My love is with you.
