---
title: "The Time Grows Short to Win the Battle"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Time Grows Short to Win the Battle"
date: 2025-06-21 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Time Grows Short to Win the Battle

November 21<sup>st</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Blessings to you, my friends. I am Orion. Where do you place your faith? For many of you on the earthly plane, your faith is placed within yourself and your abilities to navigate the material world. It is rare that others put their faith in God, at least in your environment and your western world as you call it. That faith is not well-placed or common. Rather each of you and many more have been taught to be self-reliant, independent so that you are not vulnerable to others or to the world. Yet, this invulnerability has its price. It creates a hardened heart. There is less feeling. There is less trust and there is less love.

Thus, the world continues to go about its business consumed with material thoughts, emotional barriers, many conditions within that are a result of a lack of faith in God and in being guided by God within the world. Thus, the world is in a state of great deprivation, confusion and darkness. This invulnerability covers many fears and many judgements. Humanity has learned to live this way because of the gradual building up of the need for power, control and material gain. Thus, the inner world is neglected and the outer world becomes everything for the individual, their status, their image, their way of being that creates interest in them from others, that they may be invulnerable to criticism and judgement, that they may be wealthy in material goods, that they may be popular and liked. These things all stem from the mind, the mind’s desire for power, to be great in the eyes of others and in your own eyes. I need not to go into further detail of the human condition for you are all well aware of this. It is not new information at all.

I see, even amongst my friends here, that you dance between these two conditions, one where you wish to grow your own soul and be in harmony with God, to have great faith in God and great faith in your abilities, your soulful abilities, to know God and to be with God. These things within you are beautiful and powerful without being enmeshed in that sort of power that comes from the mind. Rather, the empowered soul that comes from God’s Love is all that is required. Yet, there is still exists another part of you, to some degree, that lives by this other set of parameters, desires and expressions that reflect the human condition.

Be aware of these things, my beloved friends. For if you are aware, it is the first step toward eliminating the impediments that come with them. Do you really need to be popular amongst others, popular in the way that brings material praise and admiration, an image that is acceptable in a society that is consumed with materialism? These things are not necessary. Rather, to have and know the praise of God is the most fulfilling thing of all, to know God’s Love for you. To cultivate your love for God brings a powerful condition of joy, of enlightenment, of peace. It motivates you in directions that are in harmony with God's laws of love.

You are open to God’s guidance, God’s Will in your life. Yet when you obstruct these things with material desires and concerns, when you are pulled into this dark condition that humanity so wishes to be immersed within, then you compromise this condition that you are so busy cultivating that is of the soul. You have one foot in the human condition and one in the soul condition. I do not say this to criticise you, my beloved friends, but it is a truth and it is something that is challenging your every breath, your every day upon this world.

Following the path of God is the road less travelled. It does create a condition, a situation where many do not relate or understand you. It also creates a condition and light where others are drawn to you. You cannot have it both ways, my beloved friends. If you worry about the judgements of your mate or those close to you, then you give them more power than yourself. If you worry about the image in the world that you have and is a reflexive result of how you are in the world, then you give those who are immersed in the human condition, more power than yourself. You must live a life that is empowered by your soul, not your mind. This world will quickly come to a place where the mind will not satisfy nor will it bring the individual to a place of peace and light and in harmony with the changes that God has created and will express upon this world.

You have the key to being a part of the better world, to be in harmony with all that is of a better world, to be an expression and channel of love. It will help to create and reinforce a better world. These things do not come from the mind. They are most certainly filtered through your mind. For your mind continues to dominate and insists upon this role of filtering, even restricting your capacity to love. This we understand. We see it as you enact your life each and every day. There will come a day where the mind will lose its status as the premier and most important part of your being and expression. It will be secondary to the mind of the soul. And when this happens, the material mind will readily acquiesce. For the power of the mind of the soul will be so great and so dominant that the material mind will have no choice but to acquiesce to find its place within this new way of being and expression.

The Divine Love is what will empower the mind of the soul. It will ignite this mind and bring to this form of consciousness the many gifts and faculties that exist within the soul. I know you pray for this. You seek it out but, indeed, there are so many aspects within your material mind that restrict and judge and are fearful of these new parts of yourself. Thus, it is a tepid response to the changes that are happening within you. As I say, you dance between the two, your material mind needing reassurance, your soul mind in its gentle ways does not push hard for recognition and so, you are on the horns of a dilemma, each of you to some degree.

We continue to uphold you and support you, so that you may find your way. Rather than a tepid response to the awakening of your soul, the consciousness that is emerging, it will be a response of joy and enthusiasm, embracing this new and wondrous part of yourself, discovering all its aspects, beauty and intricacies that God has placed within you, creating a soul so unique, vibrant and wonderful that when you come to that place of fully accepting your true self, you will wonder why it took you so long to be in harmony, to be enmeshed with this consciousness of soul. You will find your way, my beloved friends.

Our worry is that as the world is changing, and the rapidity of this change continues to strengthen, that you will not come to that place in time to greet these great changes in a way that will bring to you harmony and peace. Time is of the essence, my beloved friends. Time is of the essence. Seek more intently the awakening of your soul. Look at how you view the world. Look at the words you use, the concepts that you express, the ways in which you move in the world, and come to that place of soul intuition and wisdom to help you see where the barriers are, where the constrictions continue to hold you back, how your mind continues to encase the reality of your soul with concepts and ideas that are of the mind’s making, rather than that of the soul that expresses so beautifully and intuitively the reality that God is igniting within you.

Be true to yourselves, my beloved friends. I do not mean to be so harsh in my assessments. I merely wish for you to grow quickly, to be closer to us, to your Celestial friends, to God. In this way, we may progress more swiftly in our work and that the expression of gifts long latent within you may come to the fore. Your desire to express these gifts may be realised through the avenues and ways in which you have allowed your soul’s expression and being in the world. You will not be vulnerable, my beloved friends, but strong. Yes, the world will see you differently and yes, there will be many who will turn away from you but then, there will be many who turn toward you, a sea change in your life, my beloved friends.

A sea change that is required if you are eager to be God’s instruments in the world and to express the gifts that you pray for, that they may have their expression, does not come because your mind wills it with prayers so intricate and long describing many things. No, it does not come in this way. It comes from the deep yearnings of your soul which you all feel. At times, they do not need words. At times, it is an expression of emotions, feelings, longings, desires that are directed to God. Be in that place. Be in that place, my beloved friends and there we will meet and know one another as our true selves are revealed, as the true way of love is expressed, as the openings and inflowings and blessings rained upon you shall intensify and be the gifts and blessings that are important and of the greatest priority. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. My love for you is great. I see you emerging, emerging from your shells, your protections, those places where you feel vulnerable, but truly are not when you are with God. God bless you, beloved souls. God bless you. Orion loves you. God bless you.
