---
title: "Bring the Truth of God’s Love to the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Bring the Truth of God’s Love to the World"
date: 2025-06-21 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Bring the Truth of God’s Love to the World

December 17<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Online Prayer Circle, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

May the Father’s Love continue to bless you, beloved souls. I am the Prince of Peace. I come. I am Jesus. I come to be with you in prayer, to uphold you in prayer, to be truly in alignment with you in prayer. As you pray for yourselves and this world of yours, we become an instrument of God, a channel of light and love in the world together, formidable, strong and capable, for our Heavenly Father to use us in whatever way is His Will.

The world is in great need of our prayers and our light. The world continues to falter in darkness and error. Yet, there are those upon the world who are lights who continue to be upholders of light, peace and truth. These are the souls that I come close to. These are the souls that God touches deeply in hope that, in time, their light, the transformation of their souls in His Love, will help transform the world from darkness to light.

Do not underestimate the instrumentality that you carry, beloved souls, the gifts that lie hidden within your soul, the destiny and purpose that God has given you. For often, you walk in the world feeling as if you are just one small part of a very large world and yet, one individual can change everything. A group of individuals becomes a formidable force in the world.

When united, such as you are at this moment, you become that light, that truth that brings hope to the world. I urge you, my beloved brothers and sisters, to continue to work together, to pray together, to seek God’s Love together and to seek guidance. For as you grow in this Love, your capacity to be an instrument of change, a channel of love, grows and your souls are awakened to all that is possible in time.

My beloveds, each of you are my brother and sister. Each of you I love as I loved my family, as I love all who are a part of God’s true blessing of Love and God’s true plan for the salvation of humanity. Each of you may play an integral part in this. Consider this, my beloved and beautiful friends. Consider what you may do, how you may be in the world, so that together we may do God’s Will. That we may follow God’s plan and that, in time, humanity may find its salvation, its reconciliation with all that is true and of love and of God.

It does not require great forces of men, great institutions, great religions. It merely requires the recognition of the longing of the soul for God. As we answer that call, as we are that light that comes when God touches our soul, then we become the agents of change, the formidable force of light and of truth. Do not underestimate the power of God’s Love within your soul and the power of that Love to transform you and bring forth all gifts and capacities and instrumentalities to help educate, inspire and uplift humanity.

These things you carry, beloved souls. Some of you have been brave enough to express them in some way, some creative way, to reach out to humanity. Many of you continue to be unsure and continue to feel unprepared. I say to you, as long as you continue to listen to your souls, and in so doing listen to God’s Will, you will be guided on a magnificent journey of service, of awakening, of assisting God in saving the world from darkness.

There is no higher calling, beloved souls, no higher calling than this. I urge you to listen to God’s calling to you so that you may indeed understand your role, your purpose and the gifts that you carry, all awakened in His Love, all made possible by His Love. You shall walk the world as a light. Be a light wherever you go, my beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters.

Do not forsake God. Do not forsake your own soul. Every time you turn away from God toward the conditions of humanity, for that moment you forsake Him. For that moment, you have forsaken your true self. I urge you as you continue to grow in this Love, that you make every effort to be in alignment with God, to be His true channel in the world., that each moment your light may grow and shine and be utilised by God as an instrument for change.

You are needed, beloved souls, truly and deeply needed. Walk in the light of truth. Live the light of truth and love. Be God’s instruments always, and I shall walk with you. I promise you, beloved souls, I shall walk with you forever more, until that day dawns when light envelops the world and darkness is quenched and removed from it. Beloved souls, know that I love you. Know that I am with you. Know that I shall be with you evermore, always and for eternity.

We shall walk that path to at-onement with God forever, beloved souls. You are caught in God’s Embrace. He will not release you unless you release yourself. Allow yourself to be within the embrace of truth and love, and you will find your way through any circumstance or condition in the world. God will guide you and light your way upon the earthly plane. You will be blessed deeply, expansively in love.

I love you, beloved brothers and sisters. I love you. God bless you. I am Jesus and I am with you in prayer and shall touch each one as we pray together in the quietness of God. God bless you, beloveds. 
