---
title: "We All Experience God in Unique Ways"
menu_title: ""
description: "We All Experience God in Unique Ways"
date: 2025-06-21 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# We All Experience God in Unique Ways

October 3<sup>rd</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

…the yearnings you have expressed, my beloved friends. I am Orion. Your desires, thoughts, actions are all quite transparent to each of us. For we have the perceptions and capacities of the soul that see through any condition. Anything that is within you is quite evident to us. We are well aware of your troubles, your challenges, your physical ailments, all things that you carry, all things that are a part of your life at this very moment. These things are clear to us and in this clarity, we have great compassion for the pain and struggles that each of you have in your lives.

We also join with you in the joy and revelations that come in your life. These things of light are growing as you continue to grow in God’s Love. Though we have clear and unabridged connections with each one of you, the clarity and strength of your connection with us, whether it be your stellar friends, angel friends or bright spirits, is often obscured by earthly conditions, by your own inner condition. When you are in a state of light and joy, openness and love, when you allow the brightness of your soul to shine through and you release your concerns and conditions around earthly life, then this opens up the passageway for communication with us. Each of you has your  particular way and passage toward us since each of you is unique. Each of you is unique in your gifts and abilities.

We must adjust and we must focus upon how we might communicate and clear that channel between us and you. Although a great unity is formed when you are each in alignment with God and receive the great blessings of His Love, still your experience of this reflects your uniqueness. It is futile to compare yourselves with another, no matter who it is in your life that you are close to.

There is no compatibility in terms of your ability to perceive, to understand, to feel, to be within that condition, awakened by the Father’s Love that allows you the latitude, the depth and breadth of perception and feeling. It is yours alone, beloved souls, truly yours alone. Indeed, each of you has the capacities, the abilities to communicate with us. Though when you are distracted by the material conditions and your consciousness is focussed within the material mind, how can you connect? How is this a clear and easy connection? It is not, because all the attributes of the material mind reflecting within your conscious self obscure that connection.

We have taught you how to make this connection, how to be clear, how to disallow the obstructions and that is, as you continue to practice and focus upon being within your soul consciousness. Some of you have a great deal of trouble entering into that place. Others find it readily available to them. Such is your uniqueness and difference in this experience that you share. Although I wish to assure each one of you that we are making every effort possible to connect with you in a conscious way, for you to know our presence with you and even for us to communicate with you directly. Rather than using this instrument, we wish ideally to have those conversations and transference of thought that does not require an intermediary. For there is much we wish to impart to you that is unique for your own situation and condition. We continue in our efforts to build that bridge between us and you. As I have said, it is not us exclusively that wishes to do so, but it is also your angel friends and the bright spirits that wish to attend to you.

Many efforts have been made, a multiplicity of souls, beautiful and bright, have come close to you and desire to communicate with you. The only restriction that truly adds to this dilemma originates with you, my beloved friends. God wishes for each of you to know, the workings, the depth and breadth of His universe, all that is of His creation, all that is possible within His creation. Since you seek and receive the great Love of God, you are opening many, many doors to these possibilities. I urge you on. We all urge you on in your pursuit, in the curiosity you have about these matters, these ways of communicating, the opening of your perceptions, your ability to know God and God’s universe.

It is a wondrous journey and you have just begun, my beloved friends, but you have begun well and you will continue to discover many things.  First and foremost you must know your own soul, know what dwells within you and the capacities and gifts that are evident there. As you continue to pray for God’s Love, and this prayer is not obscured by the conditions of your mind, rather, it is your mind that obscures the response from God because of these conditions. Yet, within you is a yearning soul. As you nurture and open that yearning within you, God responds accordingly and you are receiving the great love transforming you beautifully and thoroughly.

The process is already in place and taking place. It is your perception of it that is often difficult for you to acknowledge, to understand, to accept. This is only a temporary condition, my beloved friends. You will come to that place of true acknowledgement, true experience that is unobstructed, clear and wondrous. This must be so unless you are endeavouring to block this perception, making a concerted effort to be in a different place and that place that allows you to perceive, to know and to feel. Yet, with each one of you, the way in which you know, feel and perceive is different. For some, feeling is the primary tool that you use and are comfortable with. For others it is perception. It is visualising and seeing. For others, it is in longing and prayerful conditions of response from God.

Yet, you have all of these things within you, my beloved friends. They will come to the fore in time but some more readily than others. This is the way of God’s creation, creating each of you unique and each of you having different capacities and different dominant traits of the soul and the mind. The most difficult is when you use your mind for all things and thereby, you expect that all things will be channelled through your mindful condition and abilities. In a way this is possible but a very long and arduous route. It is a route that many take upon the natural love path. But for you you have other doors open to you, other possibilities available to you, provided you are willing to accept them, to cultivate them and nurture them to the point where they become a real and lively part of your experience in life. These things are at your fingertips, my beloved friends. I know when you hear this, some of you are very frustrated by this very statement. I tell you, these things are not far off, they are not withdrawn or God does not put a barrier toward this. These things are of your own making and of your own choices. How you go about life reflects very much of what you will experience in life. Thus, the focus, if you wish to have spiritual experiences deep and revelatory, then you must focus your consciousness upon this and allow yourself to drift into that experience of the soul and all that comes with that soul awakening by God’s Touch.

This is not new information to you, my friends. I found it important and given the opportunity today to speak of these things again to assure you that all is available to you, to help you clarify what stands in the way of these gifts that God gives to you. Often it is your expectations of the mind saying *“it must be this and it must be that”* and all of these conditions that you set before God saying, *“If you truly love me, then, this must be the way. This must be what I will experience.”* This too is folly, my friends. You must go the way of your own unique soul and its capacities, accepting this, honouring this, loving this part of you that is so unique, beautiful and wonderful. May each of you find your way, my beloved friends, to the truth, to your own soul, to God and to us. Indeed, the journey continues to have its twists and turns, its surprises and its challenges.

May you go in peace, beloved souls, and go with God and in your deep faith in God, your trust in God and God’s plan and intention for you. These many gifts and capacities to know and feel and see, will be given and given abundantly. May you be blessed, my beloved friends. I am Orion and know that I am with you, helping you on this journey, helping you to see your way, to understand the obstructions, to be truly within the flow of God’s great Will and plan for you, that His Love may flow readily within you, within your soul and through you to others. God bless you. My love is always with you, beloved friends. God bless you.
