---
title: "Share this Experience with Your Earthly Brothers and Sisters"
menu_title: ""
description: "Share this Experience with Your Earthly Brothers and Sisters"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Share this Experience with Your Earthly Brothers and Sisters

December 10<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Beams of Light, Rock Hill, SC, USA

Mary received by Elizabeth Mack

I am here. I am Mary. I am the mother of Jesus. My son comes with me also. We come to pray with you and bring blessings from our Heavenly Father to bestow upon each child who is here. For God loves you so. You are special souls who are Divine upon the Earth. We bless you.

We look to you as God’s children to deliver messages of love and faith to your brothers and sisters upon the Earth. For there are few who truly know God as you children know God. We offer this opportunity to you so that you may see God’s workings upon this Earth plane. You will touch souls in the spirit world as well. For they are more aware that there is more than living on this Earth but we desire that you speak the truth to those in the flesh, to those who come to you who are besieged by the human condition, who falter daily, who struggle, struggle to survive the onslaught of negativity that besieges your planet and all who live upon it.

We come to help you, to lift you up, to bring you closer, closer to the love that is available to all God’s children. So that you may share this experience of this love, of this removal from the conditions upon the Earth, we bring you higher and closer and surround with our love. Open your souls that you may feel our love and that you may receive the gift of this Divine Love from the Source of all love, of all creation. May you feel this and remember it in your consciousness that you may share it, this love, this experience with those who God will direct to you. My love is with you. My son’s love is with you and the Father’s love is always, always available to each of you and all who desire, who long for the peace and the love and the harmony. I love you. I am your sister, Mary. God bless you, each and every one of you. My love is with you.
