---
title: "Promises Blessings at Laurelville"
menu_title: ""
description: "Promises Blessings at Laurelville"
date: 2026-01-12 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Promises Blessings at Laurelville

September 29<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Online Prayer Circles, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Josephus received by Al Fike

May the blessings of God upon you. I am Josephus. I wish to speak to you today about a law in the Universe, a law that states that change is a constant in the Universe. Everything within God’s creation is evolving and changing towards greater harmony to some degree or another with few exceptions. But indeed, because God has granted humanity free will, he does not have to engage in this process of evolution towards harmony. It is by choice that he may engage within it. Indeed, there will always be evolution. There will always be change but not necessarily for the better or towards greater harmony. For with the law of free will superimposed upon the law of change and harmony, then the individual may indeed degrade into less harmony as they progress within their lives on the Earthly plane. Indeed, many are upon this trajectory as the human condition continues to worsen, as the accumulation of many thoughts, energies, actions in your world continue to influence the vast majority of humanity. So then, these individual souls are drawn into a greater darkness and they become lost within this created condition that is fed so powerfully by human thought and action. And yet we ask you, beloved souls, to pray for the world, to be an antidote to this condition, to all those aspects of life upon this world that are degrading into further darkness. It is important that you do so, each of you, beloved souls. For to counteract the tide of darkness, there must be light. There must be a concerted effort. There must be the application of each choice, each ability, each soul who is capable of being an instrument for God, a channel for light and for love to apply themselves within this Earthly environment. Even the material conditions of your world are degrading as a result of the human condition. God’s creation is unravelling quickly. The harmony and laws that have been put into place in order to nurture life on this planet are being severely challenged by the human condition. Indeed, further prayers and application of light is needed with each breadth that you take. And there must be more, many more who are willing to take up this challenge, to walk the road of light, to be an instrument of God. And as you continue beloved souls, to seek out the light, to be that instrument required, to dedicate your lives in such a way that you may play your part to push back the darkness.

This is why we also ask you to engage and to enlist others. For you cannot do this by yourselves. Even the most spiritually advanced amongst you cannot do this alone. There must be a great number of you, a powerful cabal of light that is gathered together who work together, who pray together in order to counteract the darkness. Your coming time of gathering will be a formidable force in this pursuit and so we are very happy that you, many of you are taking the time and the effort to pray together in the flesh in one place. And I know many of you are eager for this experience, for this time together, to reinforce the bonds, to come to know one another in a way that is only possible when you speak and look upon the other, look into their eyes, express love, appreciation, embracing and communicating with eyes of love.

And so this time that comes will be in itself a great statement to the world that we understand that in prayer in coming together in harmony and light that we can make a difference in the world. We can counteract the darkness in the world. Each of you feels within your heart and soul a great longing and calling from God for you to gather, for you with great faith and trust to reach out to your Creator and ask for the abundance of His healing, His touch, not only upon you but all you love upon this planet of yours. It marks the beginning of the shift towards light that is coming though indeed changes have come about in these past years. But never before has such a statement been made so equivocally, so powerfully as the time that is coming. For each of you is making that statement now. Each of you in your prayers and preparations has allowed God to enlist you in this great effort. And so, it will come to be, a wondrous shift of light, soulful awakening, powerful touch from God to your souls, the reflection of which will be spread out throughout your world. And that wave of light, successive waves of light will touch many souls, will ignite a curiosity, a feeling, a yearning within each soul as this wave of light traverses the planet and this wave will reverberate again and again, touching many in many ways. How powerful this will be. How beautiful will be the experience for each of you as you walk together, pray together and be joyed together.

Yes, God has a great plan and surely this coming time together is part of God’s plan. Have faith in this. Have joy and anticipation and what God plans for each one of you and know that as you are changed in this gathering, you will set forth upon the world in a way that your instrumentality deepens, your perception opens, your commitments strengthened, your abilities and gifts fueled by the great Essence of God. Much is coming to each one of you as you continue to grow and change and are compliant with the laws of change, the laws of progress towards greater light and harmony and so you will be utilized to help reinforce these laws, to apply these laws to your world, a world that is lost that needs re-balancing, re-education in the truth and in these laws applied and expressed by humanity.May God bless each one of you beloved souls as you continue to seek out your Creator, to seek out your own soul, to seek to be an instrument of light, God’s channels of love. Your prayers will be answered, beloveds. God’s hand will rest upon each one of you in powerful and beautiful ways. You will open to God and find the truth awaken within you, that you may become fully conscious within your soul and that all the gifts, all that you are within will be awakened and find their true mark within the world. You have no idea, beloveds, who you are and what you are capable of. But as you continue to grow and the laws are obeyed, you will find out many things about yourself and come to appreciate the wonderment that is your creation, the beauty that is God’s love for you, the abilities that God has placed within you and will utilize so that they are expressed in harmony with the laws, the laws of love. My beloveds, be joyful. Be with God and seek to absorb all the blessings that are possible in your relationship with your Creator, one that can only grow and expand for all eternity. God bless you, my friends. I am Josephus. My love for you is great and I will join you as you celebrate together in this gathering of light, in this dedication of love. God bless you and keep you in light always. My love is with you always.
