---
title: "Speaks Again About Our Souls’ Progress"
menu_title: ""
description: "Speaks Again About Our Souls’ Progress"
date: 2025-06-21 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Speaks Again About Our Souls’ Progress

December 16<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

…will grow and expand in the blessing that is the Divine Love, the Creator’s gift of His Love to you. I am Orion and I wish to talk about the nature of soul and the nature of God’s Soul. Soul has no physicality. God’s Soul has no physicality. When I say this, I mean that those things that the five senses perceive are not relevant to soul existence or soul reality, because the soul does not have a body. It is a presence. It does exist in the universe. Yet, it has no physical body associated with it because it is the reflection of God’s great Soul, a drop, if you will, of His Soul that is you. In this drop there contains the complete you, existing in consciousness, existing and feeling and indeed, in perception, but that perception is not of the five senses.

Now when I say “the complete you,” I mean you are unique as an individual and therefore, you are unique in the universe. This uniqueness will change and grow as you change and grow. In essence it cannot be taken away or reduced to non-existence. Yet, we speak of the continued development and expansion of the soul. In this regard, it is not complete and never shall be complete as far as anyone in the universe understands. The journey is limitless in this regard. When you receive the Essence of God within your soul, you often describe it in ways that are physical. You talk about vibration. You talk about sensations and all manner of things that relate to the physical world. These things certainly exist in your experience, but they are only the result of the connection of God’s Soul to yours bringing this gift of Divine Love into your soul.

I know you think of this as an energy, but this is an inadequate description of what it truly is. When you feel warmth, when you feel sensations in your body, etc., it indicates that, at least in your mind, you are receiving this gift within you, becoming merely a physical response to a non-physical thing which is the Essence of God’s Soul flowing into your soul.

I know I am getting very intellectual here with my descriptions but I merely wish to say these things in order to encourage you to go deeper in your perceptions and understanding of what it is that you are seeking. The closest descriptions may come from your quantum theory scientists. Even these often result in contradictions and confusion. Suffice it to say that God exists on a certain level or plane of existence, a certain reality or dimension. Your souls exist in this dimension, as well. Though you think of your souls as existing here and now in this dimension of time and space. In truth, your souls have existed for a very long time and not in this space and condition. In that place, time does not exist. In that place, there is location, but it is not a location that one might describe on the physical plane. It is an existence unto itself in a reality unto itself.

Souls do not vibrate, per se. They exist and are in a particular condition of light or darkness that cannot truly be described other than with these simplistic terms and yet, you each have location and experience of your own self, though that experience is very superficial in many ways. Nonetheless, it is the result of the soul that exists upon the earthly plane. Therefore, within your consciousness, there is location and existence, feeling, a sense of self. I do not mean to disregard these perceptions and experiences in life. For they are true in regard to the material mind, the physical body and the spirit body and mind. Yet, the soul mind is something altogether different. This consciousness exists in another dimension. Therefore, it is difficult for you to access it to any great degree. You do at times and, in order to make sense of this experience of your awareness of soul, it must filter through your spirit mind and material mind.

Therefore, it gives location. It gives a sensation. It makes it real and palpable. Yet, for those of us who are completely integrated in soul, our way of making sense of our experience, of getting our bearings in terms of thought, time, location, etc., the process is very different indeed. You will come to this experience in time, my beloved friends. Yet most certainly, the experience of the soul is love, great love, bliss, joy, light. There comes a deep understanding of truth, of knowing.These things are of soul consciousness and you feel these things to some degree. You recognise them to some degree but, as I say, it is filtered through your earthly condition. Our goal together is to clear away as many of these filters as possible, to have the pure experience of soul, a sensation of soul, the feeling of soul, the existence of soul. In this way you will have no trouble forging your relationship with God in such a way that that relationship and the interaction between you and God, the Creator, will be a constant in your life.

This awareness, this level of consciousness will exist continuously and uninterrupted. It does now, to some degree. Indeed, your mindful consciousness interrupts and reforms the experience to make it conform to certain parameters in your mind. They are set to comply with certain  paradigms of thought and reality that exist. In time, this will change as the soul strengthens with the great gift of Divine Essence. Therefore, soul consciousness, God Consciousness, universal consciousness will rise up within you and take hold in a gentle, yet powerful way in your consciousness and life’s experience. This must happen because you are on the road of transformation. A shifting of consciousness as a result of transformation, at least one result of transformation.

There are many more experiences, capacities, gifts, shifting of consciousness and abilities that will come with this transformation. Yet, if you try to put a square peg in a round hole as you say, you make it difficult to truly experience your own soul, to truly be within your own soul. For the intellectual mind, the material mind has, to a degree, a capacity to understand these things, but it is not to a full degree. Nor can it be because the material mind has limitations, it is not of the same thing as the soul mind. Your greater hope is in a unification of your spirit mind and your soul mind. For these two things have greater compatibility and indeed, may work together to bring levels of consciousness into your experience as a conscious experience.

I know I have dealt on rather complex matters. Although, in truth, they are simple. You have three different realities existing at the same time within you, the reality of the soul, the reality of the spirit and the reality of the flesh. Integrating these three realities is a great task, indeed, something that is not easily accomplished. Yet, as you feed the soul and strengthen the soul, it has what it requires in order to accomplish this integration. As you grow in love, so you grow in the ability to accept, to embrace and eventually to integrate all parts of yourself into one. The oneness of a being that unfortunately was fractured long ago in the history of humanity. Now it is time for that fracturing to be healed and the oneness to come forth. You are the harbingers of such a process. You are leading the way. You are making footfalls each and every day toward this goal. Yet often, you think that you are nowhere near it, nor are you truly a part of it. This is because you continue to be dominated by the mind and its requirements and demands. Therefore, the gentleness of the soul combined with the eagerness of the spirit mind take second fiddle to your material experiences and conditions.This, too, will change as we have told you this many times, it will change, my friends.

The transformation is taking place whether you recognise it consciously or not. It is inevitable. After all, those countless hours of prayer seeking the great gift of God’s love will bring its rewards. You will find yourself shifting into a different consciousness, sometimes unexpectedly so. Yet indeed, you continue to awaken to a new reality, to live in the dimension of soul and, in this, fulfilling your soul’s deep desire to awaken and be transformed in love. We are there to help you. We are your nursemaids helping you to birth into new consciousness and we are eager to do so. We witness the changes within you. We see from our perspective the growing soul, the soul awakening in light and love, the soul strengthening, the soul shifting and changing.
 
These things are happening, my beloved friends I attest to and witness these things. I am happy to see the truth of the universe yet revealed again within you and many others. This is a great birthing of soul, of consciousness. It truly is a gift from God. The great Creator ensures that evolution, development, awakening of the soul can come and be realised by anyone who wishes for it to be. Your wishes are coming true, my friends. You are being birthed into a consciousness that is so vast, so deep, so filled with bliss and joy that you will know joy beyond joy, consciousness beyond consciousness, awakening beyond awakening.

It comes to you, my friends, out of love, God’s Love for you, you individually out of the countless souls in the universe. God still has a personal relationship with you and has a particular Love for you and wishes to give particular gifts and blessings to you. It all awaits your efforts, acceptance and willingness to step forward in this light, to be transformed as quickly as you desire, reflecting your willingness, eagerness, longing that comes from within.

May you continue to grow in the Father’s Love. May you continue to find your way on the path of soul consciousness and awakening. We are there with you and in time, we will recognise one another as truly brothers and sisters in the great universe of God. God bless you, my friends. I am Orion. My love for you is so great. I acknowledge each of you, lights in the universe, growing, changing, evolving in love. Blessings to you. God bless you.
