---
title: "The Journey to Truth and Soul Awakening"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Journey to Truth and Soul Awakening"
date: 2025-04-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Journey to Truth and Soul Awakening

February 8<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Celebrity Retreat - Caribbean Cruise

Augustine received by Al Fike

It is your teacher Augustine. We shall continue to teach you many things as you progress upon this Path Divine, for your minds crave knowledge. You wish to know things before you even experience them because that is the way that your minds operate in the world, to gain the assurance that comes with knowledge before one steps forward in the experience of these things spiritual. So we will continue to feed the mind with ideas, concepts that are of spiritual truth. I would encourage you to broadcast these teachings to many, to not hold back in your efforts. For, once they are out in the world they cannot be lost, for the ways of your technologies and means of communication ensure that they will survive in some way, somehow and help teach generations to come.

Indeed, the world of truth and knowledge is vast, so we have only given you the tip of the iceberg, as you would say, of knowledge. Not because we wish to hold back from you, but because if we feed you too rapidly and you feel bloated by knowledge, as I observe you are doing upon your travels in the physical sense, is it not uncomfortable to eat more than you can truly, that you truly need within your bodies? This can happen too with your minds, that when you pour too much information within it, it starts to blur together, jumbling together into a form of confusion, and we feed the intellect rather than the soul. But as I say, we understand the process that most of you upon the Earth plane require to engage within. For, first feed the mind with knowledge, ideas, possibilities, concepts, paradigms of thought, and it is our hope that that which is true will sink into your soul and in doing so, you will enact and apply the truth given. Ideally, it would be wonderful to circumvent this process, go directly to the soul and the experience, for when you have experienced truth in a soulful way, the depth of your understanding is far greater. The reflections and facets of this diamond of truth sparkles within your mind, bringing to you multiplicity of insights and bedazzling you with the truth from many different angles and perceptions. This experience is far greater than anything we can give you verbally with words,  for words are only a dim reflection of truth. So we urge you to go within to seek your true self and in doing so seek God, and in seeking God, knowing Truth. It is a simple process but one which involves the mind in such a way that it lacks subtlety and dimensions. For linear knowledge is two dimensional, is it not?  Where soul knowledge is multi-dimensional. Thus, we continue to assist you and develop you in such a way that you may know this soul awakening and capacity to know truth.

Of course, God is making possible all of these things through the inflowing of His Love into your soul.  Need I repeat that this is the foundation of all Truth? But it is for you to continue to work towards, bypassing the filtrations and obstructions of the mind to go directly to the soul in your consciousness so that you may truly understand truth in all its glory, all its dimensions, all its potency, all its joy. For this is what you truly seek, my beloveds, you seek to know the truth from that place where truth becomes unshakable and is not subject to the analysis of the mind. Rather, the truth becomes evident and clear and a powerful experience that makes its indelible mark upon your soul. In this way, the truth then becomes a permanent part of your understanding of the laws, of the wonderment of God’s Creation. It is not bullied about by mindful analysis, skepticism, fear, and all the other aspects of human behavior and condition. Rather, the truth becomes a part of you and informs your perceptions of the world, of your reality, in such a way that there is a deep shift towards that which is of God and the truth rather than that which is of human fabrication.

This is the journey that you are upon, my beloved, beautiful students. This is the journey that we are engaged in together. This is the journey that we make great effort to guide you towards and help you to discover the depth and breadth of knowledge, understanding and experience that is the truth. You will find your way as you have done. Yes, it is a rather slow process, at least from your perspective. But the benefits are great and the truth is lodged within your soul, provided it continues to grow in the Divine Love, is eternal. So you lay the foundation brick by brick. You add incrementally to your knowledge of truth and your feet become more embedded upon the Divine Path in the process.

You are all seeking truth, my friends. You seek it and desire it often more so than even the gift of God’s Love.  You are eager for our messages, our teachings, the words that are spoken through this instrument and others.  And when you come to prayer and there are no such words given, part of you is often disappointed, feeling somehow you have been inadequate, unable to draw the words to be spoken to you. This is not the case, my friends. You are not in control of this situation. Rather, as children you are being fed accordingly, in accordance to your needs and capacity to understand. For our desire is not to keep you upon the surface of consciousness that is the mind, but to encourage you to go deeper within the soul. There will come a time when there will be no need for words, for books, for messages. Rather, you will find the expansion and wonderment of soulful communication with God and all that that entails.

So we endeavor to keep a balance between what we speak and deliver and teach, and your experience with God in prayer and silence. This is an important balance to be kept.  You have surrounding you, your angel friends and teachers who are all too aware of your condition and your needs, those things that you require upon your path in order to grow and expand in the soul wisdom and knowledge and truth. We will not force feed you. We will not give you more than you can integrate at one time. We will not allow you to stray into other mindful conditions and thoughts that would distract you and detract from the main goal, which is to grow in Divine Love. Yes, we tend to you carefully, lovingly - a fine and delicate touch upon you, my friends, because it is important that you grow in a balanced way and you come to understand truth in a deeper way, that you are strong, strong within your soul and the light within your soul, and that a portion of that strength comes from your mind, clear and educated in the truth. Yet, not so much so that you are incapable of plummeting into the soul and its wonders and beauty.

Consider how you may maintain this balance for yourself, to not be so engaged in mental gymnastics and analysis. Rather, to do so in harmony with the new reality that is emerging within you, that of the soul, that your soul may indeed awaken and emerge into your conscious self and in time, integrating and absorbing the material mind. So that indeed, your consciousness springs forth from the soul, experiences the knowledge, wisdom of the soul, the flow of love through you from the soul. All of these things of light, all of these things that are intended by God so that you are indeed a child in harmony and in alignment with God’s intention and Will for you.

Yes, there is much to learn. A vast storehouse of knowledge awaits you, beloved souls, but you must first learn to crawl before you can walk. So we assist you to strengthen and understand the process of soul awakening so that indeed with this awakening, you will be able to stand on your own two feet, discover the truths for yourself at your whim and desire. Wouldn’t this be a wonderful gift in your life, to go to God for the nourishment that you desire, that nourishment of knowledge, of truth and the experience of it, that nourishment of the soul in love and light? All of these things combined will be expressed in wisdom and perception, understanding that is deep and formidable.

So, in this condition you will be able to pierce through the darkness and the error all around you and bring the light of truth wherever you may go. In this way you become a powerful instrument for God. You will become a light, formidable, beautiful, yet challenging to many.  In all of this will be joy, joy eternal, joy expansive and deep, so that no matter what condition and situation you encounter, you may walk in the world free of the judgements of others, for they will not touch you. Free of the error that humanity has so carefully contrived, for you will see it for what it is. Free of all harm and danger, for with the wisdom of the soul you will navigate the world in light and harmony. Freedom from many things, my friends, for it is freedom that you seek, and with truth freedom is given, provided you apply it and live it.

May God bless you on this journey. May you find your way and navigate through the pitfalls and obstructions of error that is so prevalent in your world, that you may truly be a channel of love, of truth, of light, an expression of joyous soul awakened. May God bless you, my friends, my beautiful students. I am your teacher, Augustine. I will continue to feed you truth in accordance to your needs and the level of your progression so that we will continue up that ladder of truth towards at-onement with God, which is the Source of all Truth. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you.
