---
title: "Two Momentums to Save the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "Two Momentums to Save the World"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Two Momentums to Save the World

April 10<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Luke received by Al Fike

Beloved children, I am Luke. The momentum that shall bring about changes in the world is great and it is twofold. Man has created a great momentum through his efforts and activities upon this world. That momentum flows in a certain direction and will bring certain outcomes in the world. That momentum is great indeed, and it cannot be reversed at this point of its development and expression in the world. Secondly, God has added momentum to the development of this world in a certain way. This momentum is designed to deflect the general direction of human momentum so to bring about harmonious results rather than outcomes that would be destructive to your world to such a degree that all is lost. For God, in His vision and ability to discern outcomes of future events, has elected to express His Will upon these outcomes. Not in the way that you may expect or your minds may see as God’s choice to circumvent the will of man, this is not how God works, nor do His laws work in this regard. Rather, God adds influence and encourages mortals, angels, bright spirits, other worldly friends to add their momentum of light to the flow and outcomes of human endeavor. Rest assured that this world will not be destroyed and that in time the outcomes of future events will all conspire to bring about greater harmony in the world.

I am not suggesting that you refrain from doing your part, whatever effort you may subscribe to, in order to ameliorate the darkness in the world. But I do not encourage you to obsess and put such effort into this sort of intervention in a material way as to circumvent your spiritual growth and time with God. Filling your mind with all manner of ideas and concepts that in their way, put barriers between you and God, this is counterproductive. For, as we have said to you and have reiterated over and over again, the solutions to these problems are found within the soul. The mind cannot possibly come to that place of the perfect solution that will bring greater harmony to the world. Indeed, the mind can contribute and I am not negating the power of the mind, but I am suggesting that as you go deeper in your consciousness towards the soul and your relationship with God, then deeper and more harmonious solutions come to mind in this process. It is an act of faith when you allow your soul’s consciousness to step forward. It is an act of trust that says my soul knows better, my soul is in alignment with God’s great Soul and as such, the wisdom and knowledge that may come through this Divine relationship will be far greater and more comprehensive than anything my mind, the material mind can come to.

It does not matter if you join your thoughts with many others that are on the intellectual plane. The results will still be the same. They will be inadequate. Often, they create greater problems. Often, there is confusion and chaos. This is the way of man and has been the way of man for a great deal of time upon your Earth. And now you see the outcomes. Now you see that the disharmony created by the collective will of man is great. We are inviting you and all to seek the higher way, the way of the soul, and in this way, solutions will be found. In this way, the support and help and wisdom that you require in order to act on these solutions will be given as God’s Hand rests upon you all because you have allowed and continue to pursue the Will of God in your lives.

Be at peace, beloved children of God. Be true to yourselves. Follow the Laws of Love and enact this in whatever way, whatever avenue, whatever expression comes in your life, for each day is an opportunity and a test. If you allow God to guide you along a path of spiritual development, soul awakening, love, then many insights will come, many solutions will be realised. But first and foremost, you must place your trust in God and the Will of God. If you cannot do this, if you trust more in the will of man, then the truth that we carry and give to you has eluded you. For many upon the earthly plane, those who are sincere about this pursuit of the transformed soul, they have their feet in both camps, that of the will of man and that of the Will of God. Their minds continue to dictate much, and their souls, often a much smaller portion of the acts and outcomes of the individual’s endeavours. But that ratio will continue to change as you grow in the Father’s Love and the awakening of the soul strengthens, bringing clarity and insight to the soul and to the consciousness of each diligent individual who seeks to be God’s servants, who seeks to be in harmony with the Laws of Love.

This is how the world will change, beloved souls. I know you seek quick solutions, precise and powerful solutions, seeing certain issues and problems in the world that with adequate knowledge, you may set forward to change and eradicate the damage and error that has proliferated. And as I have said, humanity has sought to do so in many ways. Yet indeed, the world continues to teeter on the edge of chaos. It continues to proliferate in darkness. So I urge you to walk the way of light, of truth and love. When I say this, I refer to the higher truths, the higher path, the highest love. This will bring you to that place of recognition, acknowledgment of the truth, understanding the ways of God, placing your faith in the Will of God so that outcomes that are of the highest order, of the greatest light and harmony will be enacted through you and through others who are in alignment with one another and with the Will of God.

It is a fine line to walk, beloved friends. It requires great faith, patience, fortitude and prayer. So you continue to question, to find the answers, to seek hither and yon in a world that offers half-truths, that offers a light not as bright as that of the simple Truth of God’s Love. We cannot stop you from your journeys, your pursuits, for this is your life and your journey. But we continue to offer to you the solution to the angst and disillusionments of one who sees and recognises the injustices and terrible acts of man in the world. So I offer you again to follow the path of love, to truly follow this path and to seek it with all your heart, all your mind, all your soul, and that which I promise you to come will be realised. It is the law in action, and it will be and must be that which is in harmony with the law, the Law of Love, the law that dictates that as you receive more of this gift of love, then your souls will be transformed, your consciousness will awaken and there will be true understanding, and this will come with peace and joy, wisdom and love.

May you see the journey clearly. The path of love is lit before you. The doors open readily. You are guided by angels and many bright spirits of all description. Seek your answers there and you will know peace. For, the transformation of this world is not your responsibility, this is God’s work. You may have a part to play, but you are not responsible for the outcomes. It is God that shall ensure that the world will come to harmony and peace.

May God bless you, beloved souls. I am Luke and I love you, beautiful souls so earnest, so dedicated, so desiring of peace in the world. In your efforts and desires God is pleased and sends His angels to be with you and uphold you. May your souls open to the great inflowing of His Love. May you truly be in alignment with all that is of this highest of truth. God bless you, beloveds. God bless you.
