---
title: "Conveys His Deep Compassion and Commitment"
menu_title: ""
description: "Conveys His Deep Compassion and Commitment"
date: 2025-04-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Conveys His Deep Compassion and Commitment

March 11<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Beloved souls of Earth, I am Orion. I wish to speak further upon the differences between soul consciousness and that of the material mind consciousness. In my world, as a soul is born, it comes with many capacities, faculties, perceptions, and abilities that are yet to be developed as is the case with any material progression of a material form. Yet, these capacities are integrated into one consciousness and that is of the soul. The soul is the driver, so to speak, of all experiences of the individual on my planet. Thus, the perceptions of the soul develop along with all other faculties in congress with the experiences and environment in which the individual lives. On my planet there is a high possibility of great development and opening of those faculties.

This environment is conducive to growth in all aspects of the individual. Soul, spirit, and body are developed in tandem. Thus, the individual is capable of developing many capacities at a young age. This development is not curtailed in any way by the limitations of the mind and the spirit mind. It is the soul that continues to bring further development and awakening that is not limited. Thus, those born on my planet have all advantages and possibilities available to them. It is truly a paradise for the awakening and realization of each unique soul who is born there.

Unfortunately, in your world, it is a very different scenario indeed. Your world is a world of limitations. Your world continues to insist upon certain roads of development, honouring the mind, the material mind, more than any other aspect of the individual. Yet, that individual is born with the same potentials and possibilities as those on my planet but the environment is very different indeed. The conditions, the human condition as you call it, place limitations upon the fetus as it grows. Those limitations continue to exert themselves upon that innocent child as it grows within the womb and then within the material world. It saddens us to see these unfortunate conditions pressed so firmly upon every individual on this planet.

Thus, your reality is formed not by the potentials and possibilities that God has placed within the individual in all its glory and spectrum of possibilities. Rather, it is a world imposed upon by human limitations and thought. So, you are subject to these conditions. Every moment, every breath you are subject to such things. You have grown and developed in such a way that the consciousness of the soul is buried deep within you and is not nurtured adequately so that it may become a conscious entity within you. Your spirit is a sensitive consciousness filled with many perceptions and possibilities of experience that is also repressed by the human condition and the patterning that has been given to you since childhood.

No, it is the mind, the material mind, that is honoured, nurtured, manipulated and developed. Thus, you become a very distorted creature indeed when you are compared to us who have our life experiences. Thus, we have great compassion for you, my beloved friends. We see the struggles that you have day-in-and-day-out. We are committed and earnest in our efforts to uplift you and help you go beyond this crippling condition that you all live within. We help you to walk, to grow, to live, to experience, to perceive, to understand, to know the joy of a soul awakened and a soul integrating the spirit and the material so that you are one luminous, beautiful creature living in a world that is indeed contrary to this but needs your example. Your light is needed because the world is steeped in ignorance, is asleep to all these possibilities and does not engender wisdom and understanding deeper than that of the mind.

Yes, we have a formidable task before us, do we not? At times, it feels as if progress is slow indeed and difficult, very difficult. There are times when you label your challenges as expiation. But in truth, often, it is merely the response to the conditions of your material world and how this may dictate your consciousness provided you allow it to do so. Thus, discipline is important. To walk in the world in light is to reject the darkness and not to entertain both, creating a grayness within your experience of life. It is a conscious choice, beloved souls. It is a necessity to choose light.

Of course, you must know what light is and what that choice entails. This is why we and your angel friends and bright spirits continue to come to educate you so that you may know the difference, so that you may see beyond the limitations of mindful perceptions and ideas of what light is, so that you may experience the light of your own soul and in this. To come to understand the power and potency of that light and the possibilities that are within the soul. We journey toward this place. We come to you in hope that you will find more readily this place of soul awareness, of feeling, of knowing, of understanding, of joy, and of love. All these things that are within the soul continue to awaken as you pray for this great gift of God’s Love, this great igniter of light, this transformer that brings aspects of yourself forward that are not readily perceived or understood otherwise.

My friends, you are undergoing a great transformation, a great shift in consciousness, a great awakening to the truth. All these things together form a formidable journey toward light and truth. Yet, because of its intensity and that which it demands upon you, often you are in conflict. Often, the conditions around you do not support this transition and this process of awakening. So, you are at times confused, at other times not feeling well  or expansive or having all of those beautiful experiences that you have had and can have upon this path. Rather, it is the human condition that bears down upon you and brings to you grief.

Yet, we are there. So are many others. We do not abandon you. We are not distant from you unless you create the conditions that make it so. Rather, our desire is to come close. God’s desire is to enter into your soul with His Love. All that is good in the universe is available to you as it is to any soul anywhere in the universe. But it comes with choice. It comes in this case on your planet with a great deal of discipline and effort to be in alignment with all that is in harmony with God’s creation, this great universe that we all inhabit in our part of it.

I encourage you to continue to be introspective, continue to look upon yourself and see where those aspects within that sabotage and cause problems with your spiritual journey and to release these things in the way that you know how and can implement in your life. Choice is every breath. Choice brings to you that which may bring light or may not. Choice is crucial. You must understand that every thought and every action is a matter of choice. When you are motivated by a mind stilted and distorted by the human condition, then that choice is not often in harmony with light or in harmony with harmony. But when you go deeper and you seek deeper solutions to your life’s dilemmas and possibilities, then there is a greater possibility of coming to light and harmony.

We continue to be close to you to influence and inspire you so that you may see that choice toward light and harmony. We continue in our efforts together to discover the soul, awaken the soul, and empower the soul for this is the key to the survival of the human race. This is the next step which must be taken. This step has been taken by many, many beings throughout the universe. Until it is truly understood, then progress cannot be readily made in your world. Certainly, material progress continues but is this true progress or is this just a continuation of the desire of humanity for power, to insulate itself from the consequences of disharmony in the universe, to know comfort and pleasure but to not know true peace and harmony?

You must fight for the implementation of harmony and light in your world. We are with you in this great effort to be in the light and truth of God’s great creation and Love. So, we continue, my beloved friends. We continue to support you in your struggles and in your choices as you strive toward greater light. We are with you as are many and shall continue. For every moment, every breath of your life upon this world, we will be with you always. God bless you. I am Orion. My love is with you. My compassion for your struggles continues to be great. I feel for these things that you must encounter. Yet, God brings light to you. God brings peace and respite, healing and upliftment, for God is great and God will bring to you all that you require. May you choose this and be open to it. God bless you, beloved soul. My love is with you. Indeed, I continue to walk with you all.
