---
title: "Joy Is Received with the Inflowing of Divine Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Joy Is Received with the Inflowing of Divine Love"
date: 2025-07-01 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Joy Is Received with the Inflowing of Divine Love

November 27<sup>th</sup>, 2023

One Nation CoL, Rock Hill, SC, USA

Clack (Stellar Friend) received by Elizabeth Mack

Joy is a part of life whether on this planet or my planet or any other planet. I return. I am Clack. God’s blessing of joy in your hearts and souls will uplift you. It is a quality that is possible even under duress if you allow it to be expressed. Joy lightens you. Joy is part of the light. It comes to you as the Father’s love enters your soul. So it comes with joy and humility. It is a truth that many blessings come with this love and the Father is gracious with His gifts. You all know this deep within yourselves. You know this and you experience this. This is something that you can have faith in because you have experienced it. So let that joy bubble up. Bring your true selves forward. This is your guidance. This is the Father’s will for all of you upon the Earth, upon all of the planets that have souls inhabiting them.

Your joy may manifest in different ways. Be aware. Be open. Observe the joy of others. It comes in many shapes, sizes, colours. Observe it. Come to know it and then, look inside yourselves for your own joy and let it come forward. God bless you, dear children of God and we look forward to being with you all, all who are travelling tomorrow, all who are joining us in prayer wherever you are. We look forward to touching your souls, to coming close to you whether you be in California or Barbados, wherever you are, pray with us and you will feel us close to you. I am Clack and my love is with you, each one of you. And may God, our most beloved Creator, bless you abundantly, joyfully, truly completely. God bless you.
