---
title: "Soul Perceptions are Multi-Dimensional"
menu_title: ""
description: "Soul Perceptions are Multi-Dimensional"
date: 2025-06-21 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Soul Perceptions are Multi-Dimensional

October 24<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

God offers you the keys, my friend, the keys to open the doors that shall allow the blessings to flood through into your world. I am Orion. I’m happy to be a part of this great effort, that you may awaken and truly know yourselves, truly know your part and place in God’s great Universe, that you may know how much you are loved, how truly you are blessed, that all of these things may come with opening doors, doors that are readily opened, doors of mystery, of wonderment, of beauty, of light, all these things that God provides for each one of you.

Though truly they are not encapsulated in the description of the doorway. Yet, it is easier for you to understand as you shift from one awareness to another, one consciousness to another. They seem as if they are doorways. They seem segmented, but in one way there are not. They are truly a part of your soul, truly an expression of your soul, the capacities of your soul to be aware and recognise these things. Because you have a material mind and because you live in a material world, this description is adequate and helpful.

Indeed, we enter through many doors together. We enter through places of pure spiritual awareness and being. For these things are manifestations of your soul and manifestations of God’s great Soul interacting with your soul. Indeed this continues. For this is what is required, greater capacity, openness and willingness to venture forth through these places, these awarenesses that continue to flood you rather than turn your consciousness shifting toward material concerns things that are important. Yet, how important are they really compared to your soul development and your soul awareness?

A balance must be struck and you must be able to shift from one to the other, from soul to mind. As you do so more readily and more often, there is a deeper integration between the two which eventually will result in a melding of the two. Indeed, we helped foster this within you and we continue to urge you on in your prayers to seek out the blessings of God’s Essence so that this integration may take place.

We cannot truly describe what this integration will look like. For it will be unique for each individual. The experiences that you have will be unique and they must be experienced in order to be recognised. We would not want to put limitations upon them by using words and descriptions of a material and mental way in order for you to understand. For this, more often than not, would lead you beyond it or away from it, rather than to move directly toward it. Instead, we encourage you to pray and pray often, to be with God and to be with God often so that you may know your way easily and in the light. For this is God’s plan for each one of you. We walk with you. We walk beside you. We seek to protect you. We seek to inspire you, but we cannot do this work for you. Your journey is yours and it is uniquely yours.

So you will continue to unfold in consciousness of the soul as you walk along this Path Divine, this path of light and love. It brings us joy to watch you step forward. We are happy indeed to see what you have accomplished together, what you have accomplished in your coming together and being together with others and how they were affected by the power and blessings of God’s Touch there.

Though I know you aspire toward the highest level of blessings and materialisation of these blessings in a way that all would see and know, I tell you that every soul was touched deeply. Indeed, there were many things that were accomplished and blessed. Certainly in the spirit world there were many manifestations that took place.The time will come when it will indeed be your time to bring these manifestations forth and indeed this time is coming close. I would not be discouraged because you did not all experience these manifestations of which I speak. Indeed, it will be a short time before this happens and you will be in joy and wonderment when it does.

For the time being, you will rely upon those gifted enough to see beyond the veil of this human condition and material condition into the spirit world. Indeed, those who do see will share, will inform you. Our desire is that you will all see and you will inform one another with the experience of this seeing and knowing. For you will all see from a different angle and perspective and be able to add to the picture more thoroughly with your unique perceptions.

The reality of God is like a giant globe and, in order to see all the way around this three-dimensional sphere, it requires all of your perspectives and the angles from which you are looking. This is how soul perception comes about within the individual. It is not linear. It is not two-dimensional. It is not even three-dimensional. It is beyond the three dimensions. For it involves feeling. It involves sight. It involves the recognition of the wisdom of the soul and, of course, all the psychic gifts, the spiritual gifts that come with these experiences. Indeed, this is why it takes time to develop this way of seeing, and knowing and feeling. It is coming. It is being constructed within each one of you as your souls awaken, as you seek evermore of the Elixir of God’s Soul that fuels this awakening.

Much is coming to each of you in your own way, in your own time and we are pleased to see the progress that is being made. You will continue to find your way my friends, to find all that you seek, what your soul longs for, what your soul desires to express and bring into your consciousness, so that the material way and the truly spiritual way will be recognised and experienced and come to that place of integration. May you be blessed, my friends, upon this journey. For there is so much more awaiting each of you. May God bless you. I am Orion and we continue to travel together upon this road, so beautiful, so full, so rich, so wondrous. God bless you, my friends. God bless you. My love is with you always.
