---
title: "God is Conscious of all of Us"
menu_title: ""
description: "God is Conscious of all of Us"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# God is Conscious of all of Us

May 26<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Online Prayer Circle, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

Greetings to you, beloved children. I am Mary. I come because I have great love for each one of you. To pray with you to receive the highest gift of God’s Love brings great joy to my heart as God continues to pour His Blessings upon you. I urge you to open your souls to receive this gift, to drink deep of these waters, beloveds, for these waters will refresh your souls and awaken you to all the possibilities that His Love can bring.

God is conscious of all of you and all His children and all of His Creation. I know it is impossible to understand the depths and breadth of the consciousness of God, but in that consciousness, every atom, every creation, every thing, every soul is part of God’s awareness. In the souls of all His Creation, there is a need for His acknowledgement, His Love. Indeed, God wishes to acknowledge each and every soul, each and every one precious to our beautiful Creator.

So, you pray to receive, to open yourself to God, you help to forge the Portal of Light, the blessing of Love between you, your soul, and God’s Soul. In this way, the blessings flow freely. In this way, you may be consciously aware of God, that it may not just be that God is aware of you, but that you may be aware of God and know His great Love for you. In this awakening of the soul, He comes with His blessing of Love, so the awareness of how loved you are comes to you. How great and wondrous is God? His Soul comes to your consciousness, thereby creating a beautiful balance of light between you and God. Your place within His universe is firmly established and consciously given to the blessings of His Touch upon you.

The awareness of God is vast and great and deep and wondrous. As you continue on this path of awakening your soul through His Love, you will get glimpses of these things, aspects of God’s consciousness. It will bring to you such wonders and depth of knowing that you could not explain to another, in words, what it is that comes in this relationship. All that truly can be expressed is light and joy and love. The rest is truly a part of your personal and intimate and unique experience with God. This is why you must take time in your daily life to be with God, to nurture this connection with your Creator. It is important to do so in the quietness and stillness of prayer, to set forth your longings, your desires, your thoughts, and to receive God’s response, which must come, for this is the law. For each prayer, each longing to God that is sincere, will bring a response, will bring a blessing.

My beloveds, beautiful children of God, know that when we pray with you, we do so because we know and are aware of the journey that you take. We have trod this path, many of us for thousands of years. We join you upon this journey that you just begin. In this, we are of great joy. We have great hope, desire for each of you to truly come to know your Creator and be at-one with God. You are loved and we love you. So much love pours upon you creating such light, uplifting you into light, and bringing you to that place of true joy, exultation, and awareness of the wonderment that is God, your Creator, the Creator of all things.

My beloveds, we join you in this exultation. We pray with you now. Open yourself fully to all that God has to give to you. You will not be disappointed. You will feel, and in some way know, in some part of you, that you have been claimed by God and that you have claimed your place with God and the great journey of the soul. God bless you. I am Mary and I love you. I love you dearly. God bless you. God bless you all and your loved ones and this world. God bless you. 
