---
title: "Comments on the Importance of Keeping Our Agreements"
menu_title: ""
description: "Comments on the Importance of Keeping Our Agreements"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Comments on the Importance of Keeping Our Agreements

June 27<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Alec Gaunt received by Al Fike

I am your friend, Alec. I think you had an important conversation yesterday, discussing your commitments, your timing, your coordination. It is a vast mechanism arrayed around you, my friends. Something that if you had the eyes to see, perceptions to comprehend, you would truly be in awe as to what is being given. Something so extraordinary that it has never been before on your Earthly plane.

We have gathered many different spirits from many different planes who have expertise, who have the capacities to assist in this great project.  I know for you, because you do not see and understand and live in such a different reality, that it is easy to take for granted what is given and what is around you.  I wish to assure and to encourage you that these things are not given casually. They are given as a reflection of the seriousness of your commitment and your time and efforts together.

I know you wish to ensure that your needs are met and desires of various aspects of your bodies and your minds, etc., that for you are very important and vital. And, to a degree, we acknowledge this and understand this. It is also important to realise that with the gift given in these few days, it is required that there are some sacrifices, some things that may be released that may inhibit the flow of what we wish to accomplish. You have free will so we will not tell you that you must not do this and must not do that. Yet, indeed in each of you in your conscious self is the understanding, the clarity and the wisdom that you need in order to act in harmony with what our needs are and the needs of this effort.  I urge you to go within yourself and ask, *“do I need to do this? Is this required? Is this important?”*

Each step you take, each day that you are together graduates you to the next step and the next day, and along the road are a few tests, my friends. You will discover the reactions and the consequences to your behaviours, your thoughts and the patterns that you so love to express and reinforce in your life. When the time comes, when you are needed and that these gifts will indeed manifest, will you think of your own needs or will you think of the needs of God and the requirements of your own instrumentality which God and His angels and many spirits have invested within you so that you indeed may be that channel required? That you may bring forth that which is in accordance and in harmony with God’s plan.

Indeed, the gift of free will is a double-bladed sword. On one hand you have great freedom and on the other hand you have consequences to this. This is how you often learn and grow as you observe the consequences of your actions. It is important for you now to walk with maturity, with wisdom, with grace, with love, with the desire to serve and to serve above that which is your own needs and your own desires. For what great teacher, healer, spiritual leader, put their needs before the needs of their calling? That is the behaviour of those who are among the fray of humanity.

Their lives will not accomplish what we are asking you to accomplish because they are not strong enough, willing, aware to a point where they may indeed be used in this way. This is the reality of this material world, but you have been given and will be given great blessings. Yet, along with this comes great responsibility and, if the truth is to be told, great expectations. When you are in alignment with God, when you come to know your true purpose, when you are in harmony with His plan, when all flows in harmony with light and love, there is no sacrifice. There is merely joy and understanding and a reflection of wisdom, guidance, purpose and love.

You do not sacrifice anything when you are willing to give up those conditions, habits and patterns that are so common in your world because you are willing to step forward so often into situations that you are unfamiliar with, that test your mettle, so to speak, that are challenging. Yet, as you accept the invitation that God gives you to serve humanity in these ways, then you will find that it is not as difficult as you might have thought. It is not so challenging as your mind anticipates. Rather you will be surprised and delighted with what may come through you, what may manifest around you, what may be of great light and service to others. Put aside your fears and reticence, my beloved friends, and know that within you is great strength, great wisdom, great love. You must allow these things to come to the fore in your lives. God gives you many opportunities to exercise these aspects of yourself so that you are truly strengthened, informed, wise and at ease. You build your confidence regarding your own spiritual gifts and abilities so that you become a different person, not that person that acquiesces to the human condition and is afraid to be different but that individual who is different. Yet,  in this difference, in the qualities and light and gifts that you display in this difference, so you will draw many to you and you will have a great effect upon those who you encounter.

I know that what I say to you is not new and that you understand this. It is important, however, at this juncture to realise that as you step up another level of development, of light, of expression, of love. So much will be asked of you, more than before. You must come to understand and realise that there is a process. There are tests and challenges, trials and tribulations that you must go through and move through so that you may come to that place of greater strength, development, and expression that is of greater light and love, complexity and beauty. You will find yourself in situations at times that are not comfortable. You will be given invitations that you may feel challenged by. I urge you, my beloved friends, that when you are challenged, when you are hesitant, take it to prayer and do not allow the biases and fears of your mind to inform you. Rather go deeper. For the Wisdom and blessings of God will inform you in a much greater capacity and will give you the strength that you need and all that you require.

This is how it is done, my friends, and how it must be done in such a world as this. I wish it were easier for each of you. I wish that you could make great leaps without much effort. Yet, indeed, everything requires effort, even though everything is given freely by God. Unfortunately, your capacity to receive is often limited by your reticence to move beyond old conditions and fears. Because your patterns and your will dictates that it will be done through the hard and difficult tasks of overcoming these conditions, step by step. Yet you have the blessings of God’s Love within you, the wisdom of His Love within you. You are surrounded by your angel friends. You have many resources arrayed around you. So, this support, this upliftment, this light compensates for all the darkness and difficulties that are in this world. Thus, there is a greater ease than you may think. There is much given that you do not even realise is given. So, you are deeply blessed, beloved friends, deeply blessed and we are with you always. Our love for you is great. Love, abundant love, is available to you at any moment. In this love, comes the comfort, what you require to be strong, to make those decisions to step forward in the ways in which I have described.

My friends, it is a difficult journey indeed but who amongst you would say that they would not want to take this journey, that it is not worth the effort? I’m sure all of you, every one of you are eager to continue to walk forward, to be that instrument, that being that you feel in your hearts, your soul that resonates and speaks to you and says, “Yes, this is the journey I wish to take. This is the person I wish to be. This is the life I wish to have.” So, you are indeed travelling along this road, experiencing this life, all its challenges and all its blessings are coming to you abundantly, powerfully, wonderfully.

May you truly be blessed, my friends, as you make your footsteps along this road. I know often you feel blind. You do not see the road, the progress, the future, all those things that would assure your mind of the direction in which you go. I tell you, my beautiful friends, that we are progressing together and we will not let you fall. We’re there to catch you. We’re there to encourage you. We’re there to inspire you and to protect you. So God, in His beautiful Love for each of us, ensures that those who truly wish to progress and grow within their souls will be provided every opportunity, every possibility to do so. Along the way you will have ample opportunity to serve, to give your love, to be that beautiful light in the world. May God bless you. I am your friend, Alec, and I love you. God bless you, beloved friends. God bless you.
