---
title: "Continue Your Efforts to Share the Truth"
menu_title: ""
description: "Continue Your Efforts to Share the Truth"
date: 2025-04-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Continue Your Efforts to Share the Truth

February 9<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Celebrity Retreat - Caribbean Cruise

James received by Al Fike

God bless you, dear and beloved souls, I am James. You speak of the ways and means you may inform others of this truth. Each of you who has been touched by this truth of God’s Love, desire to share the knowledge and experience of it. So this world of yours has many avenues of communication, ways of sharing. The most effective and direct way of sharing is in one-to-one communication, bringing the truth to another as you face them. Your eyes connect. Your words are tailored for that individual to hear and the communication is powerful. In this, you plant many seeds within that individual. Do not forget that surrounding that individual are spirits who are often lost and are drawn by the light that you carry, and possibly by the light that the other individual carries. This is how the truth was spread for many, many generations.

Yet, now you have at your disposal, many other instruments of communication. You may communicate over the wires, you may have the opportunity to write a book, you may create a play or gather people together for a seminar or talk and, of course, these Circles of Light that you continue to bring together in various parts of the world. Many of you are engaged in all of these things and make great effort dedicating your time to fuel these various avenues of communication. Indeed, all of these things are in alignment with God’s Will, and when you engage your gifts, your insights, your capacity to communicate, then you add your unique color to the great spectrum of perspectives and truth that is shared amongst humanity. I would urge any and all of you to continue to find ways and means of bringing the truth forward.

The truth shines forth in your soul. It is the crucial spark and element that is required in order to communicate the truth effectively. God utilises you as an individual soul and channel for His Love and truth in order to reach out to many other souls. There is a strong, aching hunger within most souls upon your planet. So many who are seeking and yet are often dissatisfied with what they find. If they turn towards the orthodox Christian religion, there is often a disillusionment because the story that they tell lacks validity and logic. So it is with many other religions, although that golden thread of truth is certainly woven through all of them. There is the erroneous belief that if one believes in the saving power of Jesus, the Word, as it is called, then they are saved, becomes an automatic benefit. It comes with this belief. This, of course, is not the truth.

As in all things in God’s universe, in terms of progression towards light and truth, it is incremental and requires effort. So one cannot reasonably say that a mere belief will bring the individual to a place of redemption, redemption of their soul. So it is important for all of you to teach the way to true redemption, though you may find much resistance amongst your brothers and sisters who have a deep belief in Christian doctrine. Still, you must persist and bring forth reasonable and truthful statements regarding individual redemption which in essence, is the healing of that individual of all conditions which are not of love, infilling of their soul with the Essence of God, which is Love, and the true alignment of the soul with God. These are simple truths which any individual may understand. Yet indeed, many are skeptical, fearful, judgmental, and cannot really come with an open heart and mind to something that is new and in their minds, controversial. Instead, they poke and prod in an effort to find the flaws so that they may continue to carry their belief, that with believing that Jesus is their savior, that they have been saved. There is so much work to do, my friends.

We carry forth continuously, in order to create the conditions and opportunities to bring the truth to individual souls upon your world and in the spirit world. Our work is never done. God’s work is never done, for each individual must come to realise that there is a choice and what is behind that choice, what they must do in order to fulfill the longings of their souls or to make that choice to fulfill the desires of their minds. God’s plan is that each individual must have the opportunity to make that choice: to walk in the world fulfilling the material desires and mental ambitions and to be purified within the soul and the body and the mind, seeking the perfect man or to engage in the process of soul redemption, true soul redemption which is transforming the soul with God’s Love, and healing all that is of the individual through this process. Even as I speak, these words are simple and the process is not complicated. Yet, many want more details, more ways   to assure the mind of the veracity of that which we speak of. So, we all work diligently to try and fulfill the needs of mortals and of spirits to find their way spiritually, which is the destiny of every individual that was ever created by God, to find our way to purity, to find our way to at-onement. Whatever that road that one may take, it must be taken at some point of the individual’s journey of light.

Yes, we work diligently to inform the individual of this very fact, to show them the many ways that we are able to, through you as instruments and many others, the way to God, the way to harmony, the way to truth. Yet, when the truth is spoken simply and plainly, many do not hear or acknowledge the power of the words spoken, the path laid out before them. This is often the case because their minds are elsewhere. Their desires and ambitions direct them on a journey in the material world but does not fulfill the desire of the soul for its nourishment, its awakening, its transformation for God. God is often left out of the equation in one’s life. God is the nebulous, amorphous being that is to be more feared than to be honored. That fear comes from many subliminal thoughts and ideas that have been implanted in the individual from various religious sources who wish to control humanity with fear. So they proclaim that God can be vengeful, can punish, can at a whim decide that you may not go to heaven, rather to hell. These things of course, are, as you know, erroneous, very much so, but in the back of the minds of many, this is the message given. So the resistance is great towards those who proclaim that God is only love and that you may know God’s Love, no matter what condition you are in or what life you’ve led. God forgives and embraces His children. There are some who are receptive to your message and many who may consider it voluntarily and some who reject it outright. But as you proclaim the truth and share this message, so you are doing God’s work.

God leaves no stone unturned in His efforts to bring His children home to the truth. So you are part of His efforts, His desire to inform all about the truth of His Love and about how much He loves all His children. The words that proclaim this may be different through others, but indeed, because of the simplicity of it, you cannot go far from its truth when you proclaim it in the world. So I urge you, my friends, do not pull back from your efforts but consider the ways and the means that they may be expressed. If indeed you are guided, you will know it, you will feel the momentum of your efforts, you will be assisted in understanding the ways and means that make these things possible. You will be given upliftment, insight. It will be a joy to do this work. Yes, there is much work to do as I have said, much work indeed. And as God reflects the truth through each individual soul, there are many ways in which God may communicate to humanity. These ways are creative, unique, beautiful, powerful, filled with love and acknowledgement. As you embrace your brothers and sisters in love and accept them in love and encourage them in love, so they will respond to you with an open heart. Though that heart may be heavy with pains and hurts, they will feel a measure of relief, healing, by your communications and embracing of their beautiful souls.

Keep working, beloved friends. Keep listening to your guidance. Allow God’s Will to manifest through you. Be free and joyful in your work for you are being blessed deeply and much will manifest in ways unexpected. Yet, in hindsight, you will see how the unfolding of God’s Will through you is manifest and beautiful in wondrous ways. His blessings of love are the key. Expressing that love gives momentum and power to whatever you do. As you seek to teach others, so you will be inspired and angels will be by your side and God’s Touch will be upon you all. This is part of the plan for the salvation of humanity. So you are a part, so you shall be a part, and so what is intended shall unfold for those who are willing to listen, to act, and to be in alignment with God’s Will. God bless you, my friends. I am James. My love is with you. May God bless you in your efforts. May God bless you upon your journey to God and His Love. My love is with you, beloved souls. God bless you. God bless you.
