---
title: "All Souls are Created Equal in the Eyes of God"
menu_title: ""
description: "All Souls are Created Equal in the Eyes of God"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# All Souls are Created Equal in the Eyes of God

July 18<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Online Prayer Circle, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

Beloved children, I am Mary. I come to be with you, to pray with you, to uplift you, to love you. As we all open our hearts to the blessing of God’s Love, so we become His children, each one of us, whether we are in the exalted Heavens or the Earthly plane, or all the places in between. We are all God’s children.

 In this truth, I urge you to love your brothers and sisters, to have compassion, to be gentle, to acknowledge that each one has a soul, each one is God’s creation. Each one has the birthright of receiving the great gift of God’s Love. In time many will come to this truth. In time all will come to God.  You must see your brothers and sisters in this light, acknowledging each one, whether they be a member of your family or a stranger on the street.  God loves each of these beautiful souls equally. God’s desire is that each soul may know His Love and come to understand the true worth that is their soul and their being.  

We are all His children, and in this prayer are we not unified in acknowledging this truth?  In this prayer, are we not building a light, a Portal of Light, between God’s great Soul and yours, so that His Love may stream forth, given through the Holy Spirit, unto each of you, beloved souls? Open yourself wide. Present the true longings of your soul in prayer to God, and in this you will be deeply blessed, awakened in truth, you will come to know how much God truly loves you. You will come to see how beautiful you are, children of God, creations of His handiwork.  Alll that you see in the world that is beautiful, there is nothing more beautiful than a soul redeemed in God’s Love.  This is the greatest of God’s handiworks. This is the most beautiful of His Creationl, and you are one of these, beloveds, one who is true to the workings and laws of God.  In His Love, He has created a magnificent being, each one unique, each one beautiful in their own right. 

Be that child of God, my beloveds. Know that each and every one of you is His child. All who you see in your day is His child, and each is deserving of His Love and your love. Be that channel of love in the world and know that in this you will be blessed.  You will carry the grace and beauty of God’s Touch with you as you intend to share this love with all you meet, my beloved and beautiful children. 

We are uniquely blessed, are we not? We are a light, are we not? You shall all be lights, and in being lights, a channel for God, a beautiful instrument for His love to flow. With you will be the Angels of Heaven and the glorious touch of the Holy Spirit through you, around you, within you.
 
God bless you, beloveds.  I love you dearly. I embrace you all and I am close. I am Mary and I love you.  God bless you in His love. God bless you in His Light. God bless you in the grace of His Truth. I love you.
