---
title: "Issues a Powerful Warning to Shun Temptation During These Times to Come"
menu_title: ""
description: "Issues a Powerful Warning to Shun Temptation During These Times to Come"
date: 2025-06-30 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Issues a Powerful Warning to Shun Temptation During These Times to Come

September 2<sup>nd</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

May you find great comfort, peace, transformation in this great gift, this universal Love that is the Essence of the Creator of all. I am Orion. I come to speak to you about the diversity of the Earth. So many different cultures and ideas, experiences that your brothers and sisters have as they inhabit this place, such diversity, diversity that is not common in other worlds. For long ago they have coalesced into a more common understanding of life and expression of life. Yet here, each group has been allowed to create their own ideas and expressions of what life is. Though a commonality of thought continues to grow within your planet because of the ways of communication and connection that you have. Yet, today there are great differences and different cultures and languages. This is what I wish to speak about.

For if you are to accomplish this gift of Direct Voice, you will not merely garner interest from those around you, those close to you or even your country of origin. But you will garner interest from around the world. You will garner interest from the poor man and the rich man, from those who live in a culture so very different from your own, from those who carry ideas and perspectives that are contrary to your own ideas and perspectives and the many, many iterations of life, unique, filled often with sorrow and experiences of great pain and distortions of thought. The tableau of humanity is so varied, so contrary in many ways to others, other cultures and other countries that indeed, no wonder there are wars and conflicts on your world. For each one is clamouring for recognition, often for power, for wealth and safety. Then, there are those concerns of the common man, as you would call it, who are stuck within conditions, situations that bring little hope for advancement or even for safety. Even those of you in the rich countries are threatened with financial ruin and insecurity because of the competitive nature of your societies. One false move and the individual is punished and extracted from the flow of their work, the security that comes with it, the reputation.

Again, it is understandable that some of you who are a part of these groups wish to keep this a secret for fear of reprisal, for fear of judgement. There are others of you who are quite willing to step forward into the fray defending your position, defending your choice, defending the truth with great strength. My beloved friends, when the time comes and your voices are heard and our voices are heard by humanity, there will be a great clamour from all of these different individuals which originate from different parts of the world and have different views of the world, different languages, so many differences that it may feel overwhelming as to how you may communicate with these different peoples.

I say to you, beloved friends that within each of those who clamour is a soul yearning for the truth, yearning to be comforted by God, yearning to have insight, yearning for that which is beyond what humanity can create for them. In this, you will be called upon to bring your love, to bring your compassion, to speak your truth even though the language may be different. You will communicate soul to soul, reaching those who clamour for your comfort and your touch. In this, we will manifest. Have no doubt that within the Celestial Heavens there are those who speak every language. Every possibility and form of communication is accessible within the Celestial Kingdom and by us who are indeed fast learners of the languages of Earth.

For we have telepathy, the mind to mind understanding that allows us to absorb the language, the words, the ways of your lives. I would not worry, my friends, about how you might communicate, where you might go. For when this time comes, you will be going to many places, places so obscure that you have never heard of them, places that you are drawn to because God has guided you to them, places that will be accessible to you, no matter the circumstances on the Earth plane because the message and what you have to give to the world will be of such importance that you will have access to transportation that is necessary to take you around the world.

I have one word of warning, however. That when this gift is accomplished and expressed, there will be those who will wish to lure you into their circumstance and their world with great wealth. These are individuals who have great influence and power, power and influence that is waning and will continue to dissolve in a changing world. Nonetheless in these times of transition of which I speak, they will try to embrace you and to make you a part of their world. Do not accept their invitations. I say this unequivocally with great emphasis. For this is a trap and you will be manipulated and suppressed in such circumstances. No matter your own personal living conditions and situation, do not assume that through this work you will find riches and recognition beyond anything you can dream of. Rather, those of you here must express humility and grace, wisdom and be within the flow of God’s plan and Will, and not succumb to the will and desires of men but to be a free agent, as you would call it, one that is in alignment with God.

Your needs will be met of course. There will be those who will support you and you will know of them by their light and their intentions. But there are others who will try and force their way into your consciousness and be within that place that is recognisable in your life. Many of these individuals are very charming indeed, and offer you the world. But you will know them by the slickness of their approach and their being and you will feel the conditions around them. For there are none who are free from the corruption of wealth and the conditions of humanity. Thus, we prepare you, my friends. We continue to help you gain discernment of the soul, understanding so refined that you will read individuals very clearly indeed and you will be guided clearly by God, not with doubt and distortion but with clarity and strength.

These things come as you grow and the great gift of love that is given to you freely. These things come because your intention is to serve God, not to serve yourself. Thus, you will fulfil your missions of which the Direct Voice is only one small part. You will bring the truth to humanity, many, many souls who will clamour and be eager to know. This is your focus, not the focus on your own physical well-being and security but to focus upon the well-being of the world and the security of humanity upon the world. It is a great responsibility. Yet, as you have been told more than once that you will be upheld, that in all ways you will be cared for and ministered to. So that there will be no need for this door of economic benefit and redemption. Rather, that door will be offered and you will ignore it, my beautiful friends. I cannot emphasise this more because it is tempting, I know. I wish to implore you to not be tempted, to be free of such powerful influences and conditions, to be clear about your purpose and goal, to be with God in all ways, in all means and all levels of your life.

This is the wealth beyond measure and this is a great blessing that many seek but often do not find. In this way you are assured that your needs are met, though those needs and what God may gift to you will be modest in comparison to what can be. But nonetheless, what is it that you need the most? You require to be safe and sheltered and fed and to live a life that is not particularly harsh and cruel. For each of you, this is the case. Each of you have your needs met and will continue to have your needs met. Although in trying times, there will be trying circumstances for each of you, but you have noticed thus far, that even in times of crisis, God has found a way for you. God has kept you safe. God has ensured that you have food on your table and a roof over your head. There are those you know in this community who have great needs and those needs have been met.

Take this to heart, my beloved friends. Know that arrayed around you are great resources, great power, great protection, great light. You are wealthy, beloved souls, so very wealthy within yourselves. For you know the truth and you understand the purpose for life. You understand your place within the great flow of life, the great flow of God’s Will and purpose for you.and yet, you have found it. You have come into alignment with something so profound, powerful and beautiful, so filled with love, light and truth that these are riches beyond measure.

How blessed you are, beloved souls. How blessed you are. God bless you. I am Orion. My love for you is great, my precious, precious friends. You are so eager to serve the world, to be enlightened, to be a channel of love and truth, to be the instrument of the Divine. God bless you. God bless you all.
