---
title: "Contrasts Natural Love and Divine Love Paths"
menu_title: ""
description: "Contrasts Natural Love and Divine Love Paths"
date: 2025-06-21 07:21:03+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Contrasts Natural Love and Divine Love Paths

September 30<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Direct Voice, Sechelt, BC, Canada

Orion received by Al Fike

Bless you, my friends. I am Orion. This instrument has been musing about certain aspects of many who are upon what you call the natural path, the evolution of the mind and the purity of the mind that comes as one treads upon this path, and the difference between that path and what you are on at this time. It seems that the whole world is taking a different path, a different approach, although there are many who are prayerful and, to some degree, connecting with God and receiving the Divine Love, the Essence of God’s Soul.

Yet, even many of them are unaware and are encased in their minds with certain doctrines and dogmas that seem to eliminate the simple idea that the soul must be with God, know God and know the great Essence of God. It is with those upon this path of mindful pursuit, they, too, require a certain language, a certain dogma in order to rationalise, understand their path, their way to God. Many of them do not even acknowledge God but acknowledge the empowerment of the individual upon a path that brings certain understandings and, shall we say, secrets to the fore so that they are empowered with this spiritual knowledge. These individuals are not drawn to the simplicity of the soul and soul consciousness.

Rather, they prefer to engage within the material mind consciousness and the spirit mind consciousness. Do not forget that there are three centres of consciousness within you. To come to the consciousness of soul is the most difficult journey of all. Thus many do not engage within this journey. They are satisfied with what they glean from the experiences of the material mind and the spirit mind. Many metaphysical aspects of the spirit mind and its consciousness and the manifestations of the pursuit of this consciousness are very satisfactory indeed to many.

Thus, you find it difficult to communicate with those who are upon this path, the path of the psychic and the metaphysical because they have already established within their minds certain criteria and ideas as to what truth is. Many of these individuals will continue to pursue this line when they enter into the spirit world and in time progress into the 6th sphere. While you, my beloved friends, know there is eternal progression, when the soul is awakened and enlightened, when the soul is connected with God in alignment, in harmony, with the consciousness of God and the consciousness of the soul which is able to be with God in this way.

The language that is used for this is simple indeed, does not require a great study and analysis. For this would be using centres of consciousness that are not necessary in order to find your way to soul consciousness. The very simplicity of this journey eludes many. Yet, you persist, my beloved friends, to try to educate others as to this goal and this journey that brings us to soul consciousness. It is important that you demonstrate this truth. For the words will not inspire as deeply as the love that emanates through you and the light that you carry.

All these blessings that God gives to each of you that when manifest, when nurtured, when expressed demonstrate the truth, the truth that you know, the truth of the soul on a journey toward at-onement with God. This is why we encourage you so, my friends, to seek to nurture your soul,  to seek to understand these simple but profound truths in such a way that you live them with every breath, to seek to release those conditions and mindful biases that hold you from this very truth and to live this truth.

The simple solution to a spiritual journey does not often satisfy the minds of the seeker. Thus, many words have been spoken by your angel friends, and we from the stellar community continue to speak in many words. This, in turn, at least our intention is, will inspire you to go deeper. For the very truth that is within your soul and the experience of that truth is not something that can be articulated clearly. For it is an experience. Just as if you were asked to explain what the colour green is to a blind man. How difficult would this be? Of course, you experience that colour, you perceive it and therefore, it is a very real thing to you. To the man who is without sight, it is an abstract concept, one which he would have difficulty understanding. Thus, with the soul, when you have the perceptions and eyes of the soul, the ears of the soul, the feelings of the soul, those things that are clear and beautiful aspects of soul, when they open to you, when you are aware of them, when you experience them, then this creates within you, an understanding of the truth, though it may be limited because this understanding must grow as you grow. Yet, the very basics, the very rudimentary experience of soul in relationship with God has been well-established within each one of you.

We continue this journey of awakening, of truly knowing. In this awakening, you will find the words coupled with the expressions and emanations of your own true soul that will inspire others and bring them to the truth. Thus, you must find your way upon this path that, in many ways, cannot enter thoroughly into the two consciousnesses that are of the mind and the spirit. If you are able to go directly to your soul and then work your way back to mindful consciousness, then you will have a far clearer understanding of the truth that is uncluttered by the journey that would engage these other two faculties, though precious as they are, but are unnecessary to truly understand the truth. They are necessary to convey the truth in many respects. Yet, when the levels of consciousness are in the correct order and that is of the soul, first and foremost, then the spirit, then the mind, then your understanding, the clarity of understanding of soul truth and that which is of God’s creation, will not be confusing nor will you lack faith and understanding in these things.

My beloved friends, it is a journey that is not taken often upon your earthly plane. For humanity has elected to develop and refine the material consciousness foremost. Even the idea of refining the consciousness of the spirit body is frowned upon, but now there is a greater interest than ever toward this development and this understanding. Soul consciousness has come to many over the years, but very much misunderstood. There has not been clarity because of the biases and cluttering of certain ideas and perceptions of this experience by the two other minds. Now is the time for clarity, my friends. If you are to go out and teach this truth equipped with the many tools and gifts that you carry including what you call direct voice, then this clarity must be crystal clear. The way in which you have come to this clarity must be done by that direct and powerful connection with soul and the soul’s relationship with the Creator. This is how it is done. This is how we in other worlds have developed and grown strong in light and truth, perception and abilities.

You are the forerunners, beloved souls, of this process. We continue to uphold you, to teach you and to be with you. There is purpose in everything that we do. Indeed, our relationship with you is very purposeful. We wish to continue with this effort together. We wish for you to put aside mindful speculations that would lead you into different tributaries of truth and remain within the mainstream of that which is being taught and given to you, by many different resources, forces, spirits, individuals who come to help you.

This purity of thought, this singleness of purpose, this clarity of intent is so very important, beloved souls. We wish to reinforce these ideas and to help you with your intentions that they remain pure and steadfast. May you be blessed upon this path, my beloved friends, to know the true depth and breadth of love, the Love Divine, to express this in everything that you are and everything that you do. With this encapsulation of love within your soul beaming forth, expanding and becoming your true self, transformed by it, so the truth becomes clear. There is no obstruction. There is no aspect of your being that is not in alignment with it.

We continue on this journey, my friends. We shall do so as long as you exist upon the Earth plane. We will be with you, helping you, upholding you, supporting you, loving you. May you be blessed, beloved souls, truly, deeply, wonderfully blessed by the great Essence of God that will bring to you all those things of which I have described and have encouraged you to be and do. It comes with love, always. May you be blessed, my beloved friends. I am Orion and I love you.
