---
title: "Suffered the Pangs of Rejection on Earth"
menu_title: ""
description: "Suffered the Pangs of Rejection on Earth"
date: 2025-04-16 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Suffered the Pangs of Rejection on Earth

January 31<sup>st</sup>, 2023

FL, USA

Jesus received by Al Fike

I am your brother and your friend Jesus, and I come to be with you today. I come because you have been speaking of me and my life and the impact of my life upon this Earth. I come because in your souls, you long for the truth and you long for the true me, who is indeed a redeemed child of God. But like you, I was a man who walked upon the Earth and I suffered the pangs and arrows of rejection, of suspicion, of all those things that are unloving. For the human condition is such that there are barriers to truth and to love.

Acceptance does not come readily between individuals upon this Earth. They require great tests and trials in order to feel as if they can accept and love another. So it was in my day, and it is in this day, that these suspicions, these fears, these many difficulties continue to plague humanity. I know that each of you wonder how can you surmount the resistance of those around you and bring the pure Love of God into their lives, to tell them of the simple way of truth, to embrace them as a true brother and sister in the greatest and highest truth of all, that is that: God is Love; that His Love, when received within your soul, will redeem that soul as it grows and expands within them.

It is a simple truth that was lost soon after I left the earthly plane. It is a simple truth today that you struggle to uphold and to ensure that it is not lost as it was so long ago. But the truth itself was not lost, it is only that humanity was lost to the truth. They could not find the truth in this simple yet powerful prayer to ask God to receive the gift of His Love. Humanity wishes to embellish and to add to these simple truths so that they are comforted by their own words. They are comforted by the complexities and embellishments of human imagination. They are comforted by rituals and dogmatic beliefs. Because when one speaks them and practices in this way and transfers this to another, to another, then indeed, the reality of this truth is established in the minds of men.

But this is not the Way of God. The Way of God is to pour His Love, this substantial blessing of His Soul to another who wishes to receive this blessing in communion and prayer. The Way of God is simple. The Way of God is direct. The Way of God is for every soul to discover. Indeed, many who have embellished their thinking and rituals around their relationship with God, have also received the great gift of God’s Love. They do not see it in its pure form, but indeed, they understand that they have a relationship with God and that His Love is always there.

You cannot force another to change their thinking. It is for them to initiate the journey, to shift their thinking and their approach to God. But you can pray for another. You can ask God to implant the desire for His Love within another soul. This is not where it all begins, my brothers and sisters, it begins with a longing soul and one who is curious and has set upon a journey to discover the truth. And when they come upon you, my beloveds, you may speak of this truth in simple terms, but most importantly, you must be a channel of love for them and for all. For the true message is given in this way. The truth is demonstrated through each of you who express love and carries love in all that you do and all that you are.

It is this power and expression that will change the world. For, as one soul is ignited, so another and another, until the world is aflame in love, the fires of God’s Soul burning upon the Earth through each beautiful soul, their light beaming forth, the Truth of God warming the world in Love, healing the world with peace, showing the world with truth. 
My beloveds, I know you have a difficult task to convince your brothers and sisters of this truth. You see this small gathering, so very modest, and you wonder why those who speak error draw so many, and you who are so diligent and steadfast with the truth, do not. Yet, the world hungers for what you have. Within them is a deep hunger, a deep desire. But the interpretation of that, how they come to resolve this longing within is often satisfied by words and rituals and ideas fabricated by men. This is the human condition expressed in the world. It is not only in religious practice, but in everything that is expressed in your world. The structures of man are contrary often to the Laws of God.

Yet indeed, as I have said often and continue to reiterate, the world is changing, and opportunities to bring forth great shifts of consciousness and understanding of soul awareness and truth are coming. The world is opening to something different. But indeed, as humanity continues to be blind and deaf and dumb to the truth, they cannot see this. They cannot recognize it. But the power of the soul within the individual is great. In time, the power of that light and longing will lead many to the light of truth, will lead many to God in a pure and simple way.

I know you are impatient, my brothers and sisters. I know you wish for the world to know this truth. I know that you see much pain all about you, great dysfunctions and error and all things of the human condition. You wish an immediate cease to these things that the world may be transformed in a blink of an eye. But this is not how transformation takes place. Whether it is within you or in the world, it is gradual and requires effort. It is the step-by-step process of changing your perceptions, your ideas, your experience in the world.

So, we come to assist you in this process. We come to open the way for you, to make it easier for you to come to God. We uplift you, we protect you, and we guide you. So, the process is alive within all of you here. It is alive in others. The ignition of truth given by the flames of love is upon the Earth, small flames, little fires that will spread and cleanse the Earth of darkness and error. Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, this is the destiny of humanity, and all that humanity has created over a millennia of time will be transformed so that the Earth may be reclaimed and humanity might have a fresh start. Humanity might have the opportunity to truly come to know their true selves, to be in the grace of God.

It is a harsh unfolding plan of God, a plan that is required. Not that God deems this as the only way to redeem the Earth, but humanity has come to such a disparaging place that there is a great need for powerful interventions and healing and transformation. God does this because He loves His children and will create the opportunities and conditions where they may be uplifted, and they may come to see the truth in all its glory. This is God’s plan.

But how this plan may be implemented may bring responses and conditions in the world that will be difficult to manage and to navigate. Thus, we urge you to continue to awaken to your own self, to forge a relationship with God that it may be steadfast and powerful, that His Love may infill you to such a great degree that you will be healed, that the flames of His Love will burn away those conditions of error, the encrustations of the soul. It is the same within and without. God is creating those conditions that are most beneficial to your healing and your progress.

This does not mean that the situations that you encounter, the tests that come, the opportunities that God lays before you are all filled with joy and light and happiness. Rather, often the greatest transformation and opportunity for learning comes from those situations that are challenging and difficult. Thus, we find ourselves in a Circle of Light, seeking greater progress of the soul, awakening our souls, asking God to show us the way, seeking the truth, seeking the truth from sources that are not common in your world, knowing the ways of God, which often elude man because he cannot see and hear and know the ways of God unless you pray that your eyes might be opened, that your minds may be cleared of that which restricts your experience with God, that your hearts may be filled with love and joy, that all that is good and wondrous may come from God’s Touch upon you.

My beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters, what joy it brings me to see you who are upon the Earth, seeking truth and coming to know the truth as you do. For in this, all goodness and blessings will come. In this, the light of your soul will shine and be truly redeemed in love. I come to you because you draw me into your midst, and you speak of my ministry. So I speak to you. Come join me, my brothers and sisters, in the truth and wonderment of His Love. In this, all things shall come to you. The healing that you wish for, beloveds, the peace in your lives, the attainment of all that is in harmony and love, it shall come to you.

God does not withhold these things from you. It is merely that you must walk a few more steps upon the path in order to truly come to know and see for yourself that which is of God in your lives, that which is of truth, His blessings Divine, His power and glory alive within you. God bless you, beloveds. I am your brother and friend Jesus. I love you truly, my brethren, truly. God bless you. God bless you.
