---
title: "Encourages Retreat Integration - DV Retreat"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem Encourages Retreat Integration"
date: 2024-01-17 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Encourages Retreat Integration

July 4<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



I am Seretta Kem. Now that you have settled into your daily routines and are integrating and contemplating experiences that you have had together, I want to encourage you to be aware and mindful of the conditions and processes in which you are involved since returning home. For much has been accomplished while you were together and now it is time for understanding and allowing the shifts and changes that are the outcomes of this time together to take place. 

Do not allow yourself to backslide into old patterns and ways of thinking. It is easily done in your home environment where all is familiar and much triggers your patterns and behaviours. You’re being challenged and tested, beloved souls. Because of what has been accomplished and upheld within you, it is important to realise that new sensitivities and sensibilities are on the rise within your consciousness. You may find yourself reacting acutely to various circumstances, the kind of responses that are not particularly flattering or loving. This is because the conditions that are around you seem more intense and have a greater influence upon you. You must adjust and find your way through this adjustment period so that you are more at peace and less susceptible to these conditions. 

As you develop spiritually, there is greater sensitivity and there are aspects of earthly life that are challenging, more challenging as you become more sensitive. It is important to realize and to observe your own behaviours and those parts of you that are susceptible to negativity and darkness. For the dark forces in the world will utilise any opportunity, any crack and fissure that may be within your present state of mind in order to infiltrate and influence. It has been like this for many thousands of years on your earthly plane.  Because of the intensity of population and the power of insolence from each individual soul multiplied by billions, these conditions are gaining momentum and they are not helping the world. Instead they are inhibiting and damaging the world. So you must come to realise that there is much that challenges you and there are many opportunities that seem innocent and simple that may lead to discord and difficulties within your consciousness. 

This is the way of your world and indeed we are asking you to be contrary to this way, to walk in the blessings of light and love, to be that channel of love, to love yourself with such intensity and ways that are of the soul, ways that are not characteristic of your life. As you love yourself, you become a channel of love for others. For you open the way more readily when, rather than judgement and self deprecation are present in your mind, you are in a loving state. When you are in this  loving state, you increase the light around you and thus the protection around you. For the Law of Attraction works in this way. 

It is your choice. Will you feed the momentum toward discord and disharmony or the momentum toward harmony and peace? Think of your daily thoughts and actions as this choice. Thus, you may build a great light around yourself and you will feel happier, more at peace. Much from God will come more readily. We will be closer. There are many benefits from merely shifting your attitudes and being vigilant as to what influence may come to you and infiltrate your consciousness. You are very vulnerable at this time in your world. For as the shifts take place, so these cracks and fissures show up. These aspects of yourself that you have often put to the side, ignored, buried within the consciousness of what you want to see of yourself, those aspects that are laid over your true self, that are often developed so that you might survive in this world. 

Now is the time to put aside these things. Now is the time to be true and honest with yourselves, to be in harmony with the laws of God’s love, truly, completely, resolutely and honestly. These are your challenges. You’ve been given much. You’ve received much. You have absorbed much. Now is the time to express these things, rather than all coming to you and within you. These things need to be expressed and of light of the goodness that is within your soul shining through all of you, every aspect of your being, in the joy and blessing that this light expressed profusely, deeply and powerfully. 

Each of you has your challenges. Each of you continue to resist in some ways the need to step forward and beyond these conditions that are so very much a part of your mindful reality. Yet, are you not progressing towards the soul and soulful reality, putting aside these difficult conditions, obstructive conditions that are often a part of you, so very much a part that you are not aware of them? Yet, through the time together that we have shared, this awareness is emerging. It will often make you irritable and restless, having to cope with new paradigms of thought and being, new awarenesses of the soul emerging, new ways of harmonising and expressing who and what you are at this moment and as the moments continue forward. 

Yet, each of you are strong enough, having been given what you require, may indeed see clearly and effectively those conditions that are not in harmony with your true self. I urge you forward, my friends. I urge you to be with God as much as you can be and in this difficult time, this stressful time of integration, I urge you to be quiet, to consider the great blessings that have been given and the wonderment of your own true being and soul. Count your blessings, beloveds. Count all that has been given. Be in that place of gratitude, love and peace. It is available to you, provided you do not feed the flames of resentment, anger, judgement, these things of the human condition.

We continue upon this journey together. So many from our side of life crowd around you and are close. And as you learn your new ways of being, the new patterns of thoughts and behaviour, action, you will know us. We will be your closest friends and you will feel the love that we have for you, the support that we give to you, the upliftment, the light and protection that is offered to you. Progression must be like this as it tests the limits and the boundaries. It tests your resolve. It tests your faith. It tests your capacities to be flexible and bend towards that which is needed and beneficial. It is the way of this world. It must be so. For we cannot change you through our willful desire for that change. We merely can support your desire to change and uphold the light within you, to be close to God and to truly understand what it means to be close to God. So that when the time comes, you will be readied for what is and what will be a great challenge, greater challenges than you face now. Yet, as you are strengthened, as you are given the trial by fire and your mettle is tested, you will be able to fulfil the tasks and purpose that God has given you. We, as God’s servants, are here to uphold the Will of God, the journey that God has designated for each of you. We will convey the blessings as they come and the truth as you are ready to absorb it and all that is of good that will lead you to greater good. 

God bless you. I am Seretta Kem. My love for you is great and we walk together with many others who have great light and love, who are your guardians, your teachers, your healers, your guides. All are with you. Awaken to this, beloved souls, and a new chapter of the journey begins. God bless you. God bless you all in love.