---
title: "Invitation to Develop More Mediums"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Ken issues an Invitation to Develop More Mediums"
date: 2023-07-17 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Invitation to Develop More Mediums

January 13<sup>th</sup>, 2023

San Salvador Estate, Gran Couva, Trinidad

Received by Al Fike  



I am your brother and servant, Seretta Kem. Today I wish to speak about the subject of mediumship, for there are several in this room who have the potential to exercise this gift in the world. Indeed, to have more channels, more individuals who are willing and able to be a conduit for communication between ourselves and those of you upon the Earth plane is a great benefit and asset in the coming days and work that is to be expressed in the world.    

Every individual has the capacity to communicate with us, given the right conditions and the right desires and motivations to do so. The greatest impediment to this is the mind that is often very entrenched in certain patterns of thought and conditions which inhibit this communication, so that to do so as I'm doing now would be almost impossible. Yet, there are those who have certain patterns of the mind that allow this communication to take place more readily. It is a clear flow that is expressed through various parts of the brain, it allows us to communicate, to influence the thoughts and speech patterns of the individual in such a way that rather than the predominance of their thoughts and intentions, they give way to our thoughts and intentions. It is a sort of relaxation of the core motivation or mind of the individual that allows us to step forward in our presence and overshadowing of the individual medium, thus allowing words to be spoken that do not originate from that person but from those of us who are speaking. 

As one practices in this way of communication and expression, the channel for this communication is cleared and becomes more readily expressed, so that there is an ease of communication that is almost as if it comes second nature to the individual. This is the case with this medium who now has no trouble connecting with us, this merging of mind. Although, the difference is that our mind is not of the material, it is of the soul, and we are connecting mind to mind, soul to soul, as well as our soul mind with his material mind. In many respects, the effort is made by those of us in spirit to communicate. The individual whom we are communicating through is only required to relax and allow us to come through in this way. That he or she may not have the impediments of mind that I speak of that inhibits such communication. They have come accustomed to this way and have allowed the flow to take place in accordance to their spiritual and mental condition at the time. 

It is a form of meditation so to speak, this communication between us and the medium, a relaxation of the mental busyness that you are so accustomed to upon this earthly plane. As the rapport grows between us and the medium, they become accustomed to certain signals, feelings and sensations that indicate our presence with them. They feel the Divine Love within our soul warming the individual so that they are enveloped by this love. Indeed, this is the primary signal that is given with our presence that the individual and hopefully those who are surrounding that individual in prayer, will feel the power of this Love infuse the room, enveloping each individual. Without this signal, I dare say that the spirit that is communicating is not a Celestial spirit, rather, it may be a high spirit and one who has a measure of Divine Love within their soul. Yet, the power of the soul of the Celestial spirit is so great that it will infuse the room with this light and condition which is unique to God and His Touch upon the individual soul.

It requires a desire within the medium to be an active participant in this process. And when I say active I do not mean willful, I mean that that individual is willing to open themselves readily to the influence and the overshadowing of the Celestial spirit upon them. Rather than being that individual controlling the words, the flow of thought, they are releasing, relinquishing their control to us. This does not mean that the individual loses themself in this process, for this medium is often well aware of what is happening, and is fully conscious. There is a state, a condition of trance that is developed and that condition of trance is unique to each individual medium. Some relinquish their consciousness to such a degree that they are not aware of the physical realm, they have retreated into their spirit, and in this way it is like they are sleeping. There is a gradient of conditions that are that of complete unawareness to full awareness. It is not that the individual wills this level of awareness, it is a matter of the function of the brain and the collaboration of the individual in the process of mediumship. 

I will not go into the details as to the functionings of the brain that allow mediumship to take place but indeed, there are several parts of your brain which need to be in alignment and connected together in such a way that the synaptic information is conveyed along a corridor that is rather unusual for human thought and function in the purely material sense. There must be an amalgamation of will, of mental functioning, of thought, of development of the soul in Divine Love, and the deep desire of the soul to serve. 

All of these things come together in an eloquent way so that speech and communication may be realized. Those who aspire toward this gift must realise that they carry the responsibility for it, that indeed the free will of the individual is strong and can influence and determine the quality of the mediumship. So the individual must be humble and willing to take that leap of faith toward being used in this way. Indeed, for many of you to experience this form of mediumship it may be a daunting task in the beginning, for there is a distinct difference and quality of consciousness for the individual when mediumship is active and expressed. 

When this gift is opened, there is more sensitivity and vulnerability to the conditions of the world, to the presence of spirits, to understanding both worlds and living in both worlds, as this gift opens the psychic connection to the spirit world. Of course, when the individual's motives are pure and they desire protection, then they are not so vulnerable to the lower conditions of the spirit world. They may draw these conditions in with their thoughts, but there again, it is their responsibility to keep their thoughts elevated. 

Some are so intensely mediumistic that they cannot discern between their own person and that of a spirit who is with them. This is the most difficult condition and situation for a medium, for that individual must live their lives in the material world and experience what life has to offer in the material world. Yet, if that individual is so caught up in their relationship with spirit and the many spirits that are around them, then they begin to lose themselves within this close rapport and cannot discern between their own will and the will of a spirit. This is not a desirable situation, for it leads to a myriad of problems and vulnerabilities. 

This particular medium through which I am speaking, has a great capacity to set boundaries and limitations in his communication with spirit, and this has made him a strong and effective channel for us. I would urge any who are interested in such capacities and gifts, to have a conversation with him regarding the process, the limitations, and the expectations of mediumship. Our utmost desire is that the medium will reach for the highest and will come to work with us who inhabit the Celestial Kingdom so that we may communicate readily. In so doing, we will protect and guide and come close and speak, all of these things which the individual wishes to be in the flow of and in service for his brothers and sisters. 

As I have said, it requires a considered decision to be that individual, to be open to the gift of mediumship, and  take on the responsibility and the dedication that is required for the consistency of these communications. It is our hope that other mediums will open to this form of communication and be dedicated in such a way that it is exclusively communication by us through that individual. Yet, we cannot circumvent the free will of the individual, it is for them to decide. When that decision is made, when the individual is fully entrenched within and knowledgeable of the Laws of Love, their souls brimming with the great gift of Divine Love, then it is likely that they will make such a commitment easily and readily. It is for them to decide, it is for us who are here to serve, to assist that individual accordingly. 

Yet, I must say that there are those individuals who are more readily opened as mediums than others, and this too must be determined. Some communication may take place with each individual upon this world, given the right circumstances, but to open a channel such as this that is consistent and readily available to us to communicate through, is not an altogether common gift. Yet, there are many who have such a gift, and if they wish to explore this gift and wish to make this commitment, then we are all too willing to assist them upon the journey of opening this gift and utilising it for the benefit of their brothers and sisters.

The power of Divine Love is great. It is the key to opening all of these doors. It is a necessity, something that must be part and parcel of opening this gift to we in the Celestial Kingdom. I say these things to you for consideration and for your education, and for those who may listen to this message, that they may see that it is not a choice that is made in a casual sense, but one that is serious and requires deep dedication. And if one prays to be shown whether this gift is possible and desirable within them and through them, then God will show them at the right time, in the right condition, so that they may proceed with opening this gift.
 
I thank you for listening to me today, my beloved friends, for I know the issue of mediumship is somewhat contentious for people upon the Earth, for they do not understand what it is and what it can do. So we give what information we can through various instruments in order to educate you and to educate the world. Yet, there is great suspicion in the world regarding these gifts and indeed, this suspicion is well warranted since there are many who claim to have this gift but do not, and there are many who utilise their gifts for common communication with dark spirits and spirits of lower planes. I do not mean to denigrate those who do so, but the knowledge of this activity has created a reticence and suspicion amongst those in the world who have considered these things. 

Yet, all things come together for good in time, and so you must persist in allowing your angel friends to communicate with you and through you, to be present in prayer, to be filled with joy in our presence, and to help others understand and see that indeed God sends His angels into your midst. Given your expression of the Laws of Communication and the Laws of Love, seeking the highest gifts, that of the Divine Love, these things activate the laws and bring us close. When the individual comes to truly recognize and feel and know us, how can there be fear or reticence? Rather, it is a joyful thing, something that is inspiring, something that inspires the soul. So we continue on, do we not, my beloved friends, in our efforts to reach many in the world, to help raise the consciousness of the world. To help bring the Truth of God's Love to the world, all of these things that the souls of humanity thirst for and yet they know not for what they thirst. So you must tell them, so you must lift the cup to their lips and say drink deep, drink deep, beloved and beautiful brother or sister, for we are all children of God and this gift is given to all. 

My beloved friends, we will continue to pray and speak and long and be with God, for this is how the world can change and be healed and uplifted, utilising many gifts, not just the gift of mediumship, the gift of healing and insight and perception, the flow of love and compassion and joy, the embracing of your brothers and sisters in this light, speaking of truth, demonstrating the laws. There are many ways which the individual may serve God and serve humanity. May you come to know and find the many gifts within each of you. Each carries many gifts and may express it as they unfold in the great transformative Love of God. 

God bless you, I am Seretta Kem. I thank you for listening to that which I have said. I love each of you. I love humanity, and I wish to serve humanity in whatever capacity and way that God deems is the way and flow of His Will for me. So it is for you my friends, so it is for you. God bless you, my love is with you.