---
title: "Our Role in God’s Plan - Part II"
menu_title: ""
description: "Michael Collier talks of Our Role in God’s Plan - Part II"
date: 2023-01-28 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Our Role in God’s Plan - Part II

January 26<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Barbados.

Received by Al Fike



May the blessings of the Father’s Love continue to infill your souls, my beloved friends. I return, Michael Collier. I return again to speak further on those things pertaining to spiritual life and your instrumentality upon the Earth. 

First, I wish to mention that your dear daughter is here standing in the middle of our circle and is receiving the benefits of the Light of God’s Touch upon you all. She is very happy in her residence within the high second spheres which we call Summerland. She is able to pursue her interests and studies in that place and will soon progress further. It is good that she is here to witness the light and the blessings that come through your prayers for this has a deep effect upon her and she is observing closely. She observes the light around her father and his efforts. You see there is a great benefit, not only to those around you in the material sense but also those who are around you in the spirit world. They observe you. They see and feel your light and love. They are drawn because within their realm it is primarily the pursuit and the desire for progression that is of interest. 

Yet, through the Law of Attraction and the condition in which they are born into the spirit world, there is not always a great opportunity to learn and grow because this dictates that like attracts like. The ideas and perceptions of one are shared by all to some degree and therefore create a unanimity of thought which can indeed cause a stagnation of understanding. This is apparent in the lower spheres up to the third sphere. But once one breaks free from those conditions within the lower spheres that are close to Earth, then great progress can be made and made swiftly.

I wish to talk about your capacity to travel and spread the word of God’s Truth and Love in the world. At this time, you live in a very fortuitous situation in which travel is relatively easy. You have all the mechanisms and capacities to travel just about anywhere in the world. Though it may require resources and time, it is indeed a great boon to your abilities to connect and speak to others in the world. So you are all very familiar with this possibility, not only the capacity to travel in the flesh but to travel as well in the spirit as you come together on your devices and we gather you together in this way.

It is important to utilize all aspects that will encourage connection in the world, creating a great Lattice of Light amongst you. The intention is for this Lattice of Light to spread and grow over every continent, every culture, and all people on the Earth. How might this be accomplished? Certainly, as you continue to pray together in the different ways that you do, then you are encouraging it. There are times when you are together in the flesh. These times are very valuable indeed for they encourage a greater bond, a stronger connection of light between you. It is important for through these strands of light, this Lattice that is created, you have the ability to transfer energies and thoughts that are not so easily transferred otherwise. The bond of love is powerful. It creates something permanent provided you are willing to sustain it with love, with your prayers, and with your thoughts of one to another. As you think of one another, what wells up within you but love? Love energizes these conditions, the love that is between you. This will be important in the future as the capacity to connect, to travel, and all of those luxuries and abilities that you share at this time, will no longer be available to you. As the Lattice of Light is still sustained and powerful between you, so you may communicate in this way and connect in the ways that I have described in a [previous message.](/contemporary-messages/messages-sorted-year/messages-2023/our-role-on-earth-af-25-jan-2023/) 

So you see my friends, that there are many layers, many aspects to your fellowship, to your work, to the ways in which you may be utilized to be with one another in a powerful association, an amalgamation of many souls in the light coming together and creating a greater light. A light that is exponential in intensity as you are brought together in harmony. This light can be utilized in many ways. You can be used to reach many souls upon the Earth plane and in the planes of spirit. You are the center point of light that can be utilized through the dark spheres and the light spheres of spirit thus drawing many to you and creating an opportunity for many to come to know the Truth of God’s Love which is demonstrated by the light that you bring in prayer within these Circles of Light.

Spirits can see this and many are amazed by it. They want to know how this is accomplished for within many of their spheres of reality, there is little light or there is a certain quality of light that is not like the light that you draw to yourselves for this light is a reflection of God’s Love within you and a reflection of the angels surrounding you and a reflection of God’s Holy Spirit touching all within the circle. What a beautiful experience this is for those who know nothing of these things. Your instrumentality along with other dynamics can create a remarkable condition of light merely because you have prayed for this and you have asked to be blessed by our Heavenly Father to open your souls greatly to the inflowing of His Love.

As we have described, the many blessings that will come with this Love and the many faculties and gifts that will be opened by it will allow you great access to one another in time so that the material mechanisms, the machinery of travel and connection will no longer be needed. Rather you will communicate through these Lattices of Light that are being created at this time. One major component of these two dear souls, when travelling, is to help reinforce the Lattice of Light. They are great initiators in this process. They have been developed so that they may indeed be powerful channels in this regard. So they continue with their travels. 

Indeed I would encourage each of you, given that the opportunity is now, to travel and meet your brothers and sisters. Travel and bring the Truth of God’s Love to those who are receptive for this window of opportunity will not remain open for that much longer in your world. Indeed you have time, possibly up to a decade depending upon how humanity moves and flows within the human condition and free will. But then again, that window may be shortened by the choices of humanity. Whatever the case may be, God will provide opportunities for you. Indeed, if you worry about material resources, might I suggest that in this short period of time, these resources may be utilized since when the window closes, such resources will not be useful anymore.

I do not mean for you to expend your resources to the point of poverty and deprivation. I merely suggest that you may utilize in a reasonable way that which you have in order to be a more resilient, flexible, and open channel for God as you do His work in the world. This you will see in time. It is not advisable that you expend yourself willfully as a result of hearing such a message. Instead, it must be within the flow and wisdom of God. In this way, all will be in harmony and purposeful. So you may pray to be utilized, and guided. You may pray for many things to flow through you, blessings of light and love, truth and healing. Indeed, as has been said many times, it is the Will of God and the plan that God has for humanity that must be of the utmost realization and fulfillment.

I spoke of the ability to travel without the material body, manifesting in various places in the world but there are limitations to this, my friends. You will not be able to stay as you do now in the material sense for days on end. No this will be a momentary, if not time-sensitive, visitation for you will not be able to sustain something more permanent as you travel in this way. Although I am not suggesting that it is impossible to do so. But indeed, judging from your present condition and place of progress, it is unlikely that you would reach such a pinnacle of ability and capacity to be able to do so in an extended way. Thus, travelling materially is a more feasible situation. So I encourage you, my friends, to walk in the world and to be open to the possibilities of God’s guidance and purposeful mission upon the Earth.

There will be manifestations, my friends. These two dear souls have sat in circles to develop such things. Indeed, developed within each of them and others is this gift, so that when the time is ripe, they will manifest, and materialize those of us from the Celestial Kingdom and those from the spirit world. It will be a very active time. As the shadow of Earth changes comes upon this Earth in more intense ways, there will be great questioning and wondering amongst humanity. This will open the doors for you to demonstrate, explain, and share the wisdom and knowledge that you have. As you do so, we will manifest in such a way as to reinforce and bring signs to those who are listening and watching so that they may have a confirmation of the truth, something which they may understand and come to know.

There is much in store for those who are willing to be God’s instruments. Because these two channels have sat in what they call [Direct Voice circles](/direct-voice-mediumship/) does not mean that these gifts are limited to those who have been a part of such circles. Rather they are utilized to initiate and help develop these gifts in others. So, as you have been sitting in circles these past days together, we are indeed developing many gifts within you that will come to fruition in time. As I have said, it is a very complex and layered purpose for your gatherings and Circles of Light. Deep preparation is being made for all those who are willing and who desire to be used as channels, not just in mediumship or healing gifts or psychic abilities and perceptions of the soul but in many ways - in all ways - so that abilities may be multi-dimensional within each of you. For how else can you and will you make a deep impression upon many hundreds of souls if they gather together to see and witness your gifts and what must come through you to uplift them and to educate them?

You will have many tricks up your sleeve, as you might say. There will be many capacities and abilities implanted within you and opened within you. What you experience now is just the beginning of a remarkable journey, one that will astound you in your experiences as you see yourself growing and changing in the Love of God. There is so much that can be given and developed provided you are receptive and have within you a growing light within your soul, having an open mind and a deep desire to be utilized in this way. 

People will see you as super-human in your abilities. But this is a myth for every individual has what they might call super-human capacities. I am not suggesting that these are the same as those films and fantasies that you see of super-human capacities. No, what is within you are deep perceptions and the abilities to manipulate material form to such a degree that you may bring forth objects, you may make material spirits, you may bring forth the light that is visible by the human eye, you may heal instantaneously, you may have some capacities to prophesy, and you will know the Will of God.

These things are not usual in your world. Yet, every human being has the capacity to demonstrate at least one and possibly all of these things. It comes with the miracle of the transformation of your soul. It comes as you open yourself to a wide range of possibilities that may come as your soul awakens and your true self comes to fully inhabit your being. Does this not interest you, my friends, what you are capable of? Indeed, when these things are developed within you, they are not to be used for material gain for this is not the way of God. God uses His children and His instruments freely and for the benefit of all.

We are not creating circuses and venues for entertainment. We are developing those souls for the purpose of enlightening humanity and showing the way to a new world and a new way of being in the world. It is not political. It is not even religious in origin. It is purely a spiritual path and purpose. In this way, it has little to do with the machinations and ambitions of man as he is at this time. It has everything to do with God and His purpose and ambitions for humanity. I urge you and I warn you not to mix the two together so that you may serve God in a pure way. For the Will and plan of God will unfold in accordance with your capacity to understand and follow this way and the means by which it may be accomplished. Of course, in your world, communication is important. I do not suggest that you sit and wait for some miracle to manifest. Rather, you must go out into the world and exercise your gifts and capacities in the world to those who will listen.
I know when you gather those about you, they are limited in numbers. 

I don’t believe that this instrument has had such challenges at one time (the many interruptions). But indeed, we persist, do we not? I have a strong rapport with this instrument. So we continue with our dissertation.

Humility is important, my friends. Humility and obedience to God’s Will, these things are most difficult for those of you on Earth for you have been educated and prompted to be self-realized and self-motivated. This, in your culture, indicates strength and ability. But indeed, that line within the good book which says *“the meek shall inherit the Earth”.* What does this mean? Those who are humble and know the Will of God and follow it without question, who are faithful to the word of God are indeed meek and mild. Yet, there is a power and a strength within them, a tenacity, a steadfastness that comes from the soul. They shall not waiver no matter the conditions that will be around them, the challenges that will come to them by those who will be angry toward them and judge them. They shall be steadfast. They shall know themselves as they truly are and truly a child of God.

You may assess yourselves, my friends, and wonder *“Am I strong enough? Am I able to fulfill the Will of God?”* I say to you, as you grow in Love, so you shall be. So the strength grows and this understanding becomes clear. A great strength builds with the Love of God within you. All of the gifts of which I speak will manifest through you. Are you willing to step forward in this way? Are you willing to lay down your life for God and say *“Thy Will be done, beloved Creator, thy Will be done”*? You will not be completely successful for the human condition continues to penetrate your consciousness. Your ability to fulfill your purpose will be primary and at the forefront of your life. Yet indeed, even you will be distracted at times. But I urge you, my friends, do not renege upon your commitment. Continue on no matter how many times you feel you have faltered, continue on and be steadfast, for God does not judge you. As you falter, God does not withdraw His Love. Instead, His Love continues to flow powerfully upon you. You are forgiven by God immediately and your task is to forgive yourself of all things that you know are not a reflection of God’s Laws of Love. 

You must let go of your fears and your pain, those things that weigh you down. Be joyful for the moment. Be open and willing to step forward in the moment. Great excitement in the soul comes when you are part of God’s plan and Will. In this, you will understand your role, the steps you must take, and how you must be in the world. This can be a tremendous leap forward for those who are willing to do so. It is a great change of priorities and attitudes toward what you are drawn to, what you desire, and how you are in the world. Yet, as you are transformed and the awakening comes closer, so these things must be, my friends. You must walk in the Light of God, you must live in the Truth of God, and you must be in the Love of God in order to be that instrument of which I speak.

We are making every effort to uphold you in this process, this great change. Indeed, it is for you to make a great effort as well for if we can meet halfway, indeed the sparks will fly and much will be accomplished. 

Beloved souls, children of God, truly be that being that God has created. It is magnificent and can be filled with great treasures and capacities that reflect the Love of God and reflect His wondrous creation. May God bless you on that journey, my friends. May you be steadfast and true to all that is of God, all that is of love, all that is of light. My friends, I am with you in this as are many. My love is with you. God bless you. God bless you. 