---
title: "Personal for Jeanne and Growing Need for Divine Love Community Support"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine gives a Personal message for Jeanne and Growing Need for Divine Love Community Support"
date: 2023-02-19 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Personal for Jeanne and Growing Need for Divine Love Community Support

February 11<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Carribean Cruise

Received by Al Fike



Beloved souls, it is your teacher, Augustine. You speak of your needs regarding publications and communications with others. Indeed, my dear daughter, you are the center point in a large wheel that spans out with many spokes in many directions. You spend much time feeding those who are connected to you. It is both a gift and a burden, is it not? At times, you feel overwhelmed. At other times, gratified and satisfied by your efforts. This is the way of your world. The waves of need crash against the shores of your consciousness. At times, these waves are a tremendous and complicated, a powerful burden upon you. At other times, you feel the lightness of your responsibilities and  joy in them.

As for this instrument’s responsibilities and efforts, indeed we would suggest that you reach out to others to support these efforts, transcriptions, distribution and editing as you call it for this is not something that you and your mate must carry alone. For, if this is a community, a loving community of support and inclusion, then indeed, each must take a role, a portion of the weight so that the work is light and not so burdensome. It is simple organization and the responsibilities that come with a collective effort that requires each to be responsible for their portion and to do so willingly with love. As it is now, there is a small core of individuals who are taking most of the burden and applying themselves daily to it. Indeed, they are blessed by their efforts. At times, this too becomes too much for them. So, the work must be equalized and spread out into the world because the work will continue to grow and the need for support will continue to intensify.

So my beloved and beautiful friends, open your eyes and ears to those who are seeking to serve, to be a part of this network of truth so that each may feel that they have their place in the broad community. Each may be rewarded for their efforts spiritually. Each will know that they have taken part in something beautiful and magnificent. 

My beloved, beloved friends, you have done much work and there are those close to you who have given much support. But the time comes to widen your sphere of influence and need so that others may take up the burden and find their way by dedicating themselves further to the work that is at hand. They will feel inspired and know that they must reach out. I know, dear beloved daughter, that you have certain requirements and needs of people that not all can fulfill. But if you are in alignment with your guidance and intuition, you will know who will fulfill a certain role in the best way and how you may coordinate this network in such a way that there will be harmony and a great flow of effort toward that which is the Will of God fulfilling His desire that all may know these truths and be connecting in this great Lattice of Light that is being built.

There is certainly much to do as you continue to grow in Love and continue to reach out to many. There are many more who are listening, observing, and assessing your work than you might know of. These individuals, when they feel satisfied that you are and we are a valid effort for light and truth, will step forward and present themselves and ask for the possibility of supporting you in your work. Be open, dear daughter, be at peace. Do not restrict the flow of opportunities because in your mind there are certain standards and restrictions that you believe you must follow. I am not suggesting that you abandon such things for as you well know, chaos will ensue but the limitations need not be great and the demands also may not be great. Yet, one individual may do their part, however small that may be, and share with another and another. You will see how God plans these things and opens the door so that all may participate and feel a part of this great work.

It is important that each individual soul has a sense of connection and purpose together. This is what builds a family, a community. Indeed, there must be equality and harmony amongst you so it provides the opportunity to express love and to exert oneself in a community of love in such a way that harmony is built and light becomes greater. One may explore the Truths of Divine Love with their mind so that it may become an intellectual understanding, yet indeed, as we have said many times, there is a need to exercise love, to express love, to live love in such a way that God may utilize each individual as a channel of love in the world to the degree that they are gifted and the extent that they are transformed by the Love of God.
 
In time, there will be other groups and satellites formed in the world depending on the culture and the language and all things that will open the doors to many others in their particular understanding and culture. This is happening now to some degree but it will happen to a greater degree as time continues to express the Will of God and the plan of God in your world. There are many billions of souls in your world who within the deep recesses of their souls are yearning and longing for the truth. It is important that there will be those who will answer the call and demonstrate the truth. This may be done in a variety of ways as you well know and are implementing at this time. More inspiration will come. More opportunities will open. There will be great opportunities.

Those whom you will meet and whom you will associate with will have great gifts and abilities for communication and connection with others. So, it grows, one light lighting another and lighting another until the world is of light. Be at peace, dear daughter, that all will be well. Those pressures and sensibilities that cause you consternation and difficulties need to be released so that you are at peace, dear daughter, and that the work you do brings spiritual fulfillment and joy. Indeed, in most cases, this is true but there are times when you allow the ideas and expectations of others to overwhelm you and put pressure upon you. This is only a reflection of their need and their ideas and expectations of you and your dear mate. Do not allow this to over-cloak your own sense and guidance as to what you must do. There is much that you can do and you are doing. We are well pleased with your efforts, dear daughter. Indeed, many more opportunities are awaiting you but only when you are eager and open and able to answer this call.

This may be answered not just by you alone but by others if you are willing to share the responsibility and gather together those who are truly eager and in alignment with the work that is presented before you. Beloved daughter, be at peace. My beloved and beautiful friends, students of the truth, you will continue to be guided. Indeed, that guidance will be clear and given with great power and the intent for the highest outcomes. 

I urge you to listen. I urge you to continue your efforts. I urge you to grow in your faith, to grow in God’s Love and all those things that strengthen you and empower you in light, ability, and capacity to serve. These things come as God blesses you. So, as you pray and open yourself to His blessings, all that is required will be provided and will open to you. Beloved children of God, may you continue to seek His Love with every breath. So, we shall work together for the betterment of mankind, for the awakening of humanity, and for the truth that must come to the world.

I am your teacher, Augustine. My love is with you. Know that I am with you often as are many in the Celestial Kingdom. We work together, do we not, in many ways through many avenues, through many individuals? We work together for the greater good. God bless you, beloveds. My love is with you.