---
title: "Prophets Are Needed During Coming Times"
menu_title: ""
description: "Jesus says Prophets Are Needed During Coming Timess"
date: 2023-05-09 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Prophets Are Needed During Coming Times

January 24<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Barbados

Received by Al Fike  



Beloved brothers and sister. I am Jesus. I come to counsel you and to uplift you. You are my disciples upon the Earth. Each of you wears this crown and has the responsibility to bring the glad tidings of God’s love to your brothers and sisters. Like all of my disciples they dispersed and brought this truth to many lands and many places and so will you, my brothers. So will you. In time as God’s plan for the salvation of humanity unfolds, so you will find yourself in the position of spokesman and example to demonstrate the truth. I would urge you to stretch beyond that place that is comfortable and to be willing to do God’s will, no matter what that might be in the world. Often the information that your soul receives from God does not jive with your mindful intentions. In this case, it requires great faith, even some bravery to step beyond the biases of your mind and ideas of your ambitions to that of God’s will, to that of God’s intention to utilize your instrumentality and gifts in creative and beautiful ways.

The ways and means for you to exhibit and express your gifts, your designated role is often accomplished by a great deal of work on our side of life, preparing to pave the way for your work. Many angels are engaged in this and much effort is made to accomplish it. Yet indeed, upon your Earthly plane in the conditions in which you live, the exercise of free will often thwarts these efforts. Yet, God always has a plan and there is flexibility to that plan. Although the goal will be reached, the road towards that goal may change and meander in accordance with your compliance and others’ compliance on the Earthly plane. Yet each of you has a purpose, my beloved brothers. Each of you carries a light that is indeed the light of God’s love within you. Each of you is required to expedite the gifts and light within your soul to allow these gifts to manifest consciously within you, to be true and pure channels of love. And indeed, you have been guided in this way and this message has been reinforced a number of times.

A man who walks in faith carries a great power, the ability to express God’s will through him and those who are very dedicated and aligned in this way become prophets in the world. Some of you may become prophets because within you is that possibility. This instrument has been designated a prophet and there are others in the world. It is not that this designation is something so rare that it does not exist often in the history of humanity. For this is not true. Every generation has its prophets but not every prophet is willing and able to come to this designation fully. There are many prophets who have failed and are not recognized even though they are dedicated to the task. Yet, God continues to designate souls who are willing and have enough faith within them, enough of the essence of His soul within their souls to step forward with clarity and light with the power of God acting through them. 

A prophet is a spokesperson and channel for God. Is this not an accurate description for those who are willing to walk upon the Earth and be His spokesperson, His channel in the world? Is this man you see before you, different from you? The only difference may be that through his many years upon this Earth, he has dedicated himself to growing within his soul through the great gift of love from God. And so you see a living prophet before you. And so, you too, can walk with this role and designation. It does not mean that others will acknowledge this or recognize it. For I walked in the world as a prophet and many turned their eyes from me and in the end, I was executed for my efforts and beliefs.

It requires great strength, a great capacity to follow the will of God. When you are in alignment in this way and that strength comes to you, building within your soul and the truth is ever present within your consciousness and the expression of your life, then oh how you can influence and touch many souls on this world, many who are awaiting you, many who desire the touch of God but do not know how this may be accomplished. You may be that channel my brothers. You may be God’s prophets. You may have that designation and wear the raiments which indicate that you have earned that place and that position. 

Each of you have the potential to walk in the world in this way. Each of you through your free will desire and choice can come to that place. God readily opens the door for this. He desires many prophets upon the Earth. For is it not the word of God that is required at this time in a world so lost and feeble, that lacks spiritual awareness and vitality. This is the time when God’s powerful instruments are needed. This is the time where much chaos and darkness will proliferate in the world. You are on the verge of a terrible and yet wonderful transformation of the world. The consequences will be severe for many and yet the possibilities of blessings and upliftment are there for all, depending upon their choice, their willingness to lay down their garments of pain and judgements and anger and don the new robes of a new world, enlightened and peaceful. 

Are you willing to usher in such a wondrous transformation as God’s designated instruments upon the world? There is little time to prepare, my beloved brothers and yet, prepare you must if you are serious about your dedications to God. In this preparation, God will guide you and uplift you. You will be given great dispensation so that you may come to know the will of God easily and readily and you may come to know us, that you may come to know the reality of God, the reality of His love more fully. But you must have faith, a faith that is as unshakeable and powerful, a faith that will bring you through all circumstances and situations that are untoward and dark, where you will be able to navigate through as God throws His protection around you, His light and sends His angels to uphold you. 

This is a life very different from that of your brothers and sisters. This is a life of dedication. A life filled with promise and yet so very different in its expression from those around you. In this way you will encounter concern and rejection from those you love. Not that they will turn away completely, but they will feel fearful for your future and the way in which you may live in the world because of this difference. Yet God will ensure that those who love you will also find comfort and acceptance, to a degree, provided that they are willing to be open-minded towards this.

There has been a prophecy of separating the wheat from the chaff. Indeed, the time comes for this to be so. It will not be realized in the way that it is literal and has been passed down for many generations but in its essence, it is the truth. Indeed, the time comes to bring greater light to the world and to release the burden of darkness from it. How else can this be than to uplift those who are faithful and with God, and to bring to some resolution those who insist upon their own condition that is so very human. This resolution will be definite and what will come of it will be great pain for those who turn their back to the light. Yet in God’s mercy and plan, even those who are in this position will have a way and means to be in the light in time through their own progress and efforts in the spirit world.

You must be strong, my beloveds. You must be truly in alignment with God. In this way, you are truly my disciples. In this way, you may be God’s prophets. Are you willing to walk this road, the road of true redemption, a fulfillment of your soul’s purpose and destiny that can be given, provided you are willing and walk the road with great faith and dedication to God. Yes, I come with a service message, one that needs to be spoken, one that indicates how important it is at this time to be in alignment with God, to walk the road less travelled, to be that one that stands out from the rest. It is not an easy road but indeed the rewards and blessings are great, and the love, guidance, and administrations from God will be direct and powerful. It will lead you to places of understanding, revelations that will astound you and uphold you. This floodgate is poised to be open for each of you provided you are willing to make that oath and dedication, to be with God, to make God and God’s will and way your very sustenance and expression in life. This is a great blessing, an opportunity that God has given to you, my brothers, if you are willing. Then the way will be open and His love will abound. 
 
May God bless you my beloved brothers upon the path Divine. May your souls open wide to His blessing of love. He honors you with love. He uplifts you with love. He transforms you with love. The gift of God’s great Soul to yours, given by the Holy Spirit. It flows to you at this moment. Open yourselves wide and accept this gift readily for so the world awaits those who are well prepared and blessed in love. May the wisdom of your souls shine forth. May you have deep compassion for all. May you know the will of God as if it is your own and walk in the world accordingly. I give you my blessing. I give you my dedication to uplift you and to be with you as you walk the path and find your way to the fulfillment of your soul’s purpose and destiny. God bless you, beloved brothers and keep you in the light always. 