---
title: "Speaks Plainly about the Group’s Progression"
menu_title: ""
description: "Alac Gaunt Speaks Plainly about the Group’s Progression"
date: 2023-08-23 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Speaks Plainly about the Group’s Progression 

May 13<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



Blessings to you, my friends, I am Alec Gaunt. I wish to speak about the progression of this group, the challenges, and the conditions that you bring into this Circle of Light. When we conducted a group of Direct Voice initiates many years ago, it had one great strength and one great weakness. That strength and weakness was a reflection of the leadership of that group, of which I was the leader and, in many ways, controlled how the group functioned and stayed together. I had a strong personality as I continue to have. So, the strength of my personality helped to ensure a cohesiveness in the group. Because I was forever connecting with, communicating with these members of the DV group, helping to sustain them and to empower them in the ways in which they were praying and coming together in this development circle. I also expressed the groups greatest weakness, because when I left this Earth plane suddenly, all was in disarray and this group disbanded. How unfortunate that this happened so quickly. 

You my friends, are not caught up in this particular mode of ensuring that the group is cohesive and strong. Rather, each of you take your responsibilities seriously, disciplining yourself in your thoughts, in your actions, keeping yourselves attuned to God in prayer. These things are vital for this group to remain strong and cohesive. You continue to communicate with one another and ensure that there are no underlying issues that would cause disharmony. This is not easily done since you are all very different individuals, personalities, and yet, you have made this commitment and you are strong in it so that you may indeed forge a stronger relationship as time goes by. If one of you, for whatever reason, is not a part of this group any longer, it will not weaken the group. Of course, you will miss that individual and be sorry for the loss, but it does not mean that you cannot function together. 

You also carry certain perspectives and ideas about one another. Some of them contain judgments, although not harsh judgments, but nonetheless judgments that indicate a perception or a perspective of the other individuals in your group. It is only human to do so. Yet, for this group to truly be functional and to attain its goals, even these minor conditions must be eliminated, for the power of harmony in your group will ensure quick development and powerful outcomes. Love, as you well know, is the answer to these conditions. To love one another without judgment in that unconditional way that is talked about and that God reflects, is a great challenge for you all. Living upon an Earth plane that is rife with judgments, rife with conditions that pull people apart rather than bring them together, ensures that it is not a loving place. It is a place of competition and survival, self-promotion, and self-indulgence. These conditions have worsened since I was on the Earth plane, but they have been present nonetheless for millennia. 

You have many ingrained conditions and thoughts within you that you must come to realise and look upon. I am not suggesting that this be done in a psycho-analytical way, rather, it is done by observation and prayer. When you see yourself acting and responding in certain ways that you are well-aware are not loving or in harmony, then you must bring this to prayer. You must see what it is in another individual that triggers these reactions. Often the trigger is something within you that you are not proud of or gives you pain, or you judge yourself to have a flaw. There are many reasons why these conditions continue to be sustained within you. Often they are so reflexive and so subconscious, if you will, that you don’t even know that you are entertaining them.

Now your angel friends continue to encourage the awakening of your soul. This of course is a priority and your great focus. Opening your soul to the inflowing of the Divine Essence is the key to this. As we have often said, there are many impediments to it. So I am addressing those details, conditions that are within you, in each and every one of you, although they are often unique to your personalities and your life experiences. Still, there are many common threads of attitude and perspective. These things must be addressed if you are to move forward. If we are to consider that in order to have success in your group to bring material manifestation forward, that this level of attainment would be 100 percent. 

I am suggesting that the average that you have sustained together is around 25 percent. There are those who are far ahead of this percentage point and those who are quite behind. You would be surprised as to who those individuals are, for I would wager that they are not who you think they are. Yet I do not want to entertain speculation amongst you, grading each individual in your mind, comparing yourself one to another. This is not what I am suggesting at all. For as a group it is important that you see yourselves as linked together and that the condition that you carry together is the important factor. 

Indeed the condition that each of you carries varies with each day, depending upon the choices that you make, how engaged you are in the material world and in your mind, and how unengaged you are in your spiritual self and soul mind. You must look at these things and consider that your contribution to the group is vital, that you must continue to strive for the highest, not in such a way that you are competitive with one another or that you judge your brothers and sisters. Although I mention that it is a group effort, it is obvious that it must be an individual effort as well. 

Monitoring your patterns of behaviour, your relationship with God, your relationship with yourself, your relationship with the world, all of these factors contribute to the level of light that you carry, not only individually, but collectively. Discipline is important. The mind can stray in all kinds of different directions. Your thoughts can meander about. It is important to consider that your thoughts, if not guarded, will merge with the thought conditions that are around you. You must take this into consideration. You must ask for the cloak of protection, to ask that indeed, only Celestials are with you and surround you at all times. For as you ask, this will be so and you will have the protection that you require. But of course, if you are somewhat sloppy in your thought processes and you allow this and that and the other thing to enter into your mind, then we cannot countermand this condition, the condition that you have chosen. 

If you are faithful to the truths that you are taught and understand that, in such a world as this that you inhabit, then it requires constant vigilance. It requires asking for the support and help that you need. You cannot afford to segment and box in your spiritual life, it must spread into all aspects of your life, all aspects of your mind, all aspects of what you do in the world. This allows great expansiveness of light, for there is a great light in each of you. When I say that the condition of your group requires much more effort, I am not suggesting that the condition of your soul is meager. This is not the case for many of you. But I am trying to explain to you that the condition that you bring together as a group has a certain light to it. Collectively you become one individual, which is a blending of all of you together. So you must consider this when you are praying, even as you do at this time, but also when that special time comes when you are together in the flesh. 

It requires a great deal of focus and preparation in order for this time together to be productive and to fulfill its goals. I have always been a practical man, and so I speak to you plainly. I speak to you so that you understand your responsibilities. I speak to you not in judgment, but in truth so that you may look upon yourself in assessment, but also in love and compassion. For indeed, how many in your world are as accomplished as you, my friends? There are very few. But what is required to attain this expression of spirit in a material sense, not just any spirit, but Celestial Spirits? You must be of a very high spiritual condition, my beloved friends, for this to be accomplished.

We come to you to advise and cajole and to teach and to show you the way, the journey that you must take, not only individually but collectively, in order to accomplish these things. You have chosen a very arduous path. You have chosen a very difficult gift to manifest. Indeed each of you, within your souls, know that you want to be a part of such a thing. Who would not? Considering the conditions in the world and the prospects of a very different world coming, would not this gift not be ideal to help shift the consciousness of many?

So I understand, for I too have this desire to accomplish these things. Indeed, there was great disappointment when I passed into spirit and I too was very disappointed. But the time was not right and the conditions were not right. Now we have new hope, do we not? A new era, a new understanding of the importance of developing such a gift, and time is of the essence as you well know. 

I urge you on, my friends, brave and hearty souls who wish to accomplish something that has never been accomplished, other than those times when Jesus manifested in the world and other spirits who have come to show themselves. Yet, to do so, to bring this great gift in a way that is reliable and consistent, is quite a challenge. I salute you for your dedications. I am with you to assist you in these things, and we will work together, strive to the utmost to bring this to fruition, my beloved friends.
 
May God continue to bless you mightily as he has done and shall do, and bring you to that place of great light, 100 percent, as I have said, the fulfillment and fullness of what can be accomplished by mortals. You are the candidates who have chosen this journey, and so we are dedicated to your efforts and our efforts combined in order to accomplish this, my beloved friends.

God bless you, I am Alec. My love is with you. My heart is with you. My desires are with you. So we work together in harmony under the auspices of God’s Touch upon us and your angel friends close. God bless you, my friends. God bless you.