---
title: "The Power of Divine Love Uplifts All Situations"
menu_title: ""
description: "Matthew says The Power of Divine Love Uplifts All Situations"
date: 2023-12-11 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# The Power of Divine Love Uplifts All Situations 

August 20<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



God Bless you, beloved souls, I am Matthew. The tides of change are upon you, are they not? For some this is quite evident. For others it is not. But each of you are experiencing changing conditions from without and changing conditions from within. For those who see no difference in their world and their life, it is because the changes are subtle and the gradient of these changes continue to move forward slowly. Thus, you are not so aware of them. Yet, there are places in the world where these changes burst forth and bring calamities and have their influence upon their lives. 

The Law of Change is a constant, my beloved friends. But often, this law is expressed in such a way that there is a gentleness to it, a flow to it, where the individual is not in such distress or discomfort. Humanity has changed this law. Inasmuch as you have all created such conditions that are severe and reactive that you are coming to experience the consequences of human action and endeavour. I wish to reassure you, however, that God will comfort, God will guide, God will protect those who wish for these blessings and pray for His Hand upon them. 

Because of the conditions of the world at this time, it is difficult to predict exactly the outcomes of a world in transition and change, but I say to you that often they will be severe, often the shift will be quick and decisive. The outcomes of Mother Earth’s attempts to heal itself will be dramatic and unpleasant. Such are the Laws of God that come into play in your world, partly because of your interventions and efforts, and partly because of God’s creations and laws colliding with one another, often creating havoc. Yet you, beloved souls, have found great blessings in the Touch of God, great comfort, great light, great peace.

It will be those who are in alignment, understanding the Laws of God and the Laws of Love, who will benefit from this knowledge and the benefits of prayer, and the increased faith that comes as the individual is blessed with the great Love of God.

Do you not see this for yourself, where many around you are in fear and confusion and do not understand what is happening in their lives and the flow of their will within their lives? Many feel victimised, many are lost in the darkness, many have great and intense feelings of anger, frustration and fear. Yet you persist, beloved brothers and sisters. You persist despite these conditions, despite the outcomes and consequences that are all about you that are unpleasant and difficult. Because you have built within you a core of strength, a core of light and a core of faith that allows you to move in the world realising that no matter what happens in your life, in your personal experience in life, you are within the Grace of God, and that never leaves you. Beloved souls, it is always with you. It is for you, with your faith and desires, to be attuned to this grace, this Hand of God reaching out to you and embracing you in love. If but a portion of humanity were in attunement in this way, alignment with God’s laws, then much of the destruction, much of the havoc, much of the disharmony would be neutralised by the efforts of those in light and in prayer and in action. 

Thus we encourage you to bring the word of truth to many, to not sit on your laurels communing with God solely within that environment, that safety of your own home, but to venture forth, to be God’s instruments in the world, to reach out to your brothers and sisters. I do not say that you must proselytise and insist on things with them. Rather, when you reach out in love, give some comfort, some support, some upliftment to your brothers and sisters, you help neutralise the darkness, the ignorance and the fear. 

Be strong within yourself, beloved souls. If there is doubt, put that aside. For this is merely the machinations of the material mind always seeking to analyze and unravel, and to see the flaws. These flaws only exist within your own actions and efforts in a flawed world and they do not prove that the truth that is given is an untruth. Rather, in many ways, it confirms your journey, each of you upon this path who seeks greater truth and greater light, that you are merely at a certain place upon that path. You have not completed the journey. Upon the Divine Path, that journey will never be complete. For it is an eternal journey of awakening and transforming and becoming that of the Divine rather than that of a mortal, or a natural man or woman. 

There is much to learn, beloved souls. There is much to experience and there are many blessings that will come upon each of you as you continue on this journey and know that we are close. We continue to be your guardians, to be your companions, to be your brothers and sisters who bring their blessings, strengths, prayers for your benefit. Much is given, beloved souls, to each of you. Do not underestimate the power of God’s Will and Touch, the flow of His Love within your life. It is great and shall continue to strengthen. Your eyes will open, beloved souls. Your understanding will deepen. Your capacity to love will be great. 

It is indeed a journey. It is indeed, the evolution of your soul that is changing day by day with the Touch and blessing of God upon it. Put your faith, your trust, your focus upon this journey. For as you grow within your soul, so you will be effective, powerful instruments for God in the world, a world that needs you so, a world in great turmoil, a world that is broken and in need of healing, of God’s Touch. So He will use each one of you, beloved souls, to bring that healing, to be a channel for God’s intentions and blessing upon the world. Pray for this, beloved souls. Pray that the capacities within you will grow, that the faculties of your soul will be awakened, that the gifts that you carry will come to fruition so that each one of you will be powerful channels of love and light and truth in the world. For as you look around your world, beloved souls, what matters now? What is important? The old ways of man are crumbling. The structures and systems of the natural world are in turmoil and are bringing great change. Much is not of any use, my beloved souls.

Though I know you must live in a material world and you have requirements and needs in this regard, and as you continue to put your faith in God, your prayers, your efforts in this direction, the direction of light, all of these needs will be provided for. You will not fall victim to deprivation and pain. Rather you will be strengthened and you will come to know the ways and means that will ensure not only your survival, but for you to flourish and grow and be in the joy of life. These things God promises you. I promise you. Every angel which you may speak to, will promise you this, that we stand on guard. We are with you. We shall always be with you and the powers of God’s angels, His spirit, those laws in action, will come together to uplift and to heal, to transform and to protect. 

We are with you and we shall never leave you, beloved souls. Be aware of this. Be aware of the other dimensions of your life that are, indeed, very real. Yet often within your conscious daily existence you take for granted such things or you do not come to see them for what they are. They are powerful forces, however, powerful forces that shall in their own way shape your lives, determine the outcomes of your existence and the flow of your being within the material world. It is not that we circumvent your free will, but rather, we augment those choices and desires that are in alignment with God, in alignment with the truth, in alignment with your soul.

Thus you are deeply blessed, and so you shall be, provided you continue upon this path. Have great faith in the Love of God, the power of His Love, to bring all that is of good and light, truth, harmony. The wisdom of your soul knows this and understands it. You must listen deep within you and bring to yourself in a conscious way the truth, the power, the beauty, the wonderment of your soul’s relationship with God and how that is the most important and wondrous gift and truth. 
 
I am Matthew. My love for you is great. My compassion for your struggles is great. Yet I see arrayed around each one of you great forces of light, beautiful blessings available and given freely to each one. May you come to know these blessings, truly come to know the wonderment of God’s Will and Touch and intention for each of you. For you are lights and we are all lights together. God bless you. God bless you all in the light of God’s Love. 