---
title: "The Dominance of the Spirit Mind Will Give Way to the Simplicity of the Soul in Time"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion says The Dominance of the Spirit Mind Will Give Way to the Simplicity of the Soul in Time"
date: 2023-09-05 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# The Dominance of the Spirit Mind Will Give Way to the Simplicity of the Soul in Time 

May 30<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada,

Received by Al Fike  



I am Orion. I come once again to speak, to teach, to inspire, to uplift. My beautiful friends, you are so diligent and dedicated to the truth, to light, to being God’s instruments of light in the world. So we continue upon this journey of continuous awakening, continuous progression that is fueled by the highest and greatest gift of all which is the Essence of the Creator of all. Each of you is unique. Each of you approaches this journey with a unique perspective though you carry common goals and beliefs and desires. Is it not a wondrous thing that God created unique souls, each one bringing their own gifts, their own light, their own perspectives, each one contributing to the whole, like a beautiful necklace of different jewels of different colors and hues and shapes? Yet,  together it is something to behold, the beauty that each one contributes, the light that each one has, the wisdom that each one carries. Honour one another, beloved souls. Honour each other as members of your family, this collection of souls that God has brought together in order to accomplish a task, to bring about the awakening of each one, and thus, the expression of each unique soul and their gifts in the world.

It is a journey that is the gift, beloveds, that journey of awakening that has its ups and downs, its distractions and its triumphs. Yet together you continue to push forward, despite the current that is against you. You are supporting one another to understand and realise what God’s plan is and how you may contribute to this plan. Remember that you are all equal in this beloved circle. No one is above, no one is below and you all have equal place in this Circle of Light. Thus you must honour one another and allow one another their contribution. In your contribution, beloved souls, I ask you not to dominate or to insist or to bring certain ideas to the table that are not in complete harmony with one another. This is a very tricky thing. For as you are each unique and have unique perspectives in this place of your journey in life, you tend to add many accouterments and details that clutter the journey. I urge you to be discerning, to be clear as to what is important, what will get all of us together to the goal quickly. Rather than imply and impose certain standards or ideas, I suggest that the simple prayers that you have together, the conversations of upliftment and love and support are all that is required upon this journey together.

As you simplify that your perspectives, your attitudes, your wants and desires, so you clean these beautiful jewels so that they may sparkle in the light of God’s Love. That which is unnecessary shall fall away, I assure you, my friends. All that that is added to, but is not required, will fall away at the awakening of your souls. Soul awakening is not the awakening of the mind, infilling that mind with many ideas and concepts. It is certainly one step upon the journey. It is one aspect of developing your consciousness, but it is not the major component. Even those things of the spirit mind which revels in the metaphysical and the details of God’s creation is not necessarily the goal nor needed upon this journey. Our great desire is that you are directly within your soul consciousness, that you bypass these other phases and conditions that are inevitable on a journey on this Earthly plane. Yet, these things, in time, will be left behind and the true insight of the soul is gained, its simplicity and depth, its many facets coming to your consciousness in beautiful and revelatory ways.

We who come to you live within our souls and we find it fascinating how in your world it is so much easier to add these material and somewhat material aspects to your consciousness more readily than that of the soul faculties awakened and developed in a conscious and focussed way. At times we sit back and wait for you to make your journey, whatever that circuitous route may be, knowing and having faith that God will bring you back upon that straight path, that path that will lead directly and powerfully to the revelations of the soul. That path that is fueled by your soul’s awakening in love. That path that is determined by the power of the free will gift that is given to each of you. Choice is important, desire is important, focus is important and discipline is important. You may gather within your mind great volumes of information, ideas, concepts, paradigms of thought. Indeed, that part of you that God has gifted as a material mind is eager for this experience, the inflowing of information that helps the mind settle into truth. There comes a time in the maturity and ripening of the individual’s soul that those things that are important are integrated into soul mind, and those things that are not of great importance dissolve and become irrelevant. Indeed it is exciting for many of you to experience manifestations, those things of the spirit mind and the metaphysical that are gratifying and indeed, it feels as if you have made progress that you had a powerful experience. These things are valid, indeed, but they too can be a distraction. They too are not particularly of the soul consciousness, although the soul consciousness does feed to some degree this reality, more so than the material mind.

I urge you to discern between that which is metaphysical and that which is of soul consciousness. For they are different. Indeed as you continue to work together toward something that is a manifestation of the soul, this direct voice ambition, indeed requires the alignment of all aspects of your consciousness. Primarily it is the infusion of the blessings of God that will make this possible. The alignment of all that is within you in harmony with the soul and the soul predominant in your consciousness, in your way of life and being in the world. 
 
This does not mean that you have to throw out all that you have learned and all that you are in your life at this moment. It merely requires that all that is comes into alignment with the deep and profound truth of the soul and God’s creation. The minds, other than that of the soul, are inclined to decorate the consciousness of the individual, making details and additions that detract from the truth which is simple and profound in its own right.  I urge you to look at those ways in which you do this, that you add to, rather than make ready and in harmony the reality of the soul that must come to the fore.

It is a  great challenge, my friends. It does not come readily. It comes with great effort and you will feel different. You will see differently. You will perceive differently, and you will know differently from all those places, all those aspects of the material mind, so well groomed and polished and infilled with details and the spirit mind which is so eager for acknowledgement and to be alive within you.

No, my friends, everyone upon your Earth approaches this truth in a backwards fashion. They hone the mind, then they hone the spirit and then they hone the soul. In our world, it is the opposite. It is the soul that is nurtured first and foremost and all else falls into place as a result. And so we are attempting to teach you of this way. You have been given all that you require to do so. It requires your focus, dedication and desire. 
 
So, we continue in our work. I often imagine that, indeed, the journey is like a tunnel that has collapsed in the middle. You labour to pull away the debris from one end which is the mind and one end which is the soul to meet in the middle somehow and some way. This has made for an arduous task, indeed. Yet, if you were to set your consciousness upon soul, then that which you thought was an obstruction is merely an illusion that you have created for yourself and you feed with your mind.

My beloved friends, we continue on in this journey. We continue on in a desire for pure and powerful truth, the truth that comes with the transformative Love of God, the truth that comes with the soul awakened, thereby giving it the opportunity to sound the depths of truth, to know the expansiveness of truth, to revel in the greatness and wonderment of truth Divine. May we enter into this place together, a oneness together in God’s Love and truth together. I hold your hands and many hold our hands in this time of sacredness and prayer. Shall we enter into the chamber of love and light and know its depth and breadth, its wonderment and grace? God bless you. I am your friend, Orion and I join you. God bless you, beloved souls, in the loving light of God, so we are together.