---
title: "The Ongoing Transformation in God’s Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Seretta Kem speaks of The Ongoing Transformation in God’s Love"
date: 2023-08-23 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# The Ongoing Transformation in God’s Love 

June 29<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



May God’s love surround you, infuse you, and uplift you. My beloved friends, we have ventured far together. We continue to work together for our mutual goals. We ask for guidance, do we not, as we continue to seek the way, to know our footsteps, to unfold within God’s plan, God’s Will? In doing so, we exercise humility, yet deep desire, deep intention, deep love for God. I know it is difficult for you not to have a road map toward the goal, to not be given  certain sign posts and signs that indicate progress. That you must walk in faith, walk without hesitation, walk without judgment or expectation, but to be in that purity of acceptance, allowance, joy, innocence, so that your mind may not interfere with this journey. Rather, the mind observes and accepts. The mind is secondary. The soul is primary. So, we have urged you to shift your consciousness from that of the mind to the soul. 

At times you have been successful, which is a triumph. For in this plane of thought and mindfulness, shifting from that familiar place to that of the soul and its form of consciousness is a great triumph. And as you continue to do this, as you continue to nurture the consciousness of the soul, as you move from the mind to the soul and back, the mind to the soul and back, the circuit of consciousness becomes more fluid and, in time, the distance between the two shortens until both are as one, and the material mind comes to be absorbed by the soul mind. This is our goal, beloveds, for the time being. For as we have told you in past Circles of Light and efforts, we have already established the gift. But it is now for you to be prepared and capable of this new consciousness so that we may utilize this gift in the way that it is intended, in the way that the blessings of God are powerful and beautiful and expansive through you.

It is not about material manifestation only and as a priority. It is about the manifestation of love in all its forms, in all the beauty and expression of love through each of you. With this love comes many blessings through you, and so you must see your instrumentality in this way. Not to limit it to certain manifestations, not to align yourself with certain expectations, but to allow God to work through you, that all that God may give through you may be in harmony with His Laws of Love, harmony with all that is within you of the soul, what God has placed there, those seeds of hope that God has insured to be implanted within your souls so that, someday, they may germinate and rise up and flourish and bring many blessings forth as you attune yourself and align yourself with God’s blessings and His Soul Consciousness. That you may know your destinies, your purpose expressed through your gifts, your unique soul. 

When you ask to be God’s servant, it is not one thing, but it is the many possibilities of what God has put within you, that treasure trove of gifts and abilities, that wondrous garden of many beautiful things, each unique, each precious to God. That you will come to recognize this other part of yourself as it begins to rise up, the many aspects of the soul awakening to the light and nurturance of God’s Love. In this way, you will know yourself as never before. You will realize what has been hidden for so long, lying dormant within you, waiting for that opportunity, waiting for the nurturance, the blessings, so that it may, indeed, come alive. Each of you are filled with many gifts and possibilities. When you come to that place of accepting that your journey and your destiny is not just one thing, it is not just one part of the road of service, but it encompasses the entire road and all that that road is. That you may reach out to many souls and many souls may benefit from your blessings and your example.

For as has been a well-known statement from your brother, Jesus: *“These things I do, you may do also and in greater measure,”* this is the truth. For with the power of God’s Love awakening you, as it did with your brother who showed you the way, so many things are possible. The power of God’s very Essence, the Essence of the Soul, of creation of the universe, the potency and capacity to ignite transformation and growth, awakening, and gifts, is immense. It is limitless. Of course, as you begin the journey, we do not expect you to realize and understand the potentials that lie within you. For you are too enmeshed within the mind and its limitations.

As you make that journey from material mind to soul mind and continue to wear the path smooth and easily trodden upon, then you will truly know what is within you. You will know who you are, what God has created. You will get glimpses of wonderful things and capacities within you. You will cry out in joy and acknowledgment of God’s handiwork that is you, that is the wonderment of a single soul. In this, you will come to love your brothers and sisters with such expansion and joy and acknowledgment. Because what is normally seen upon your world is so very blinkered and limited, that when your eyes are open, your perceptions clear, you will obtain an expansive picture of every soul and their potentials, and this will motivate you forward. For when you see from those eyes, when you love from that place, when you acknowledge God’s universe with the faculties of your soul,  you will see and know and feel the great purpose that is for each of you to ignite within another, the understanding, the awareness of the longing that they possess, that is within them, of a soul yearning to be expressed, and free, and filled with love. 

Each of you have been blessed in this time together. Each of you have moved and shifted to a degree. It shall continue to take place within you as you move forward in your life, until someday soon there will be a great opening. You will be able to squeeze through the restrictions of your mind and truly enter the expansiveness of your soul and dance with joy within that place. It is coming for each of you. Some have known this, having had their glimpses of it. But none, so far, have truly learned how to make that progress from material mind to soul mind at will. Yet,  it’s coming, my beloved friends. It is coming, and this is what we have been working on in these sessions, to help you come to that place, the opening of that door, and then teaching you how to ensure your desire and intention to travel that journey back and forth.

You are truly blessed, my friends. How many in your world know of these things, have any inkling or understanding of them in a conscious way? Every soul within them has some understanding, but yet, how many souls are acknowledged consciously? So very few, and so, you must teach this journey, this truth, this understanding. For in times to come, those who will inherit this earth will have this knowledge and ability. 

You, beloved souls, are the forerunners. You are the ones, and there are others as well, who will teach and bring this knowledge through. And when you do so, there will be manifestations, there will be opportunities and blessings that shall flood forth through you, that will open the eyes of your brothers and sisters, that will show the way. They will not doubt you, for how could they? When, with your sincerity and love, with your perceptions and knowledge, with the power of your presence, they cannot deny you.  Of course, some will, always as it iis part of the human condition. Yet, many will see for the first time, will acknowledge the yearning within their souls, will feel the burning within that will prompt them forward and bring the impetus to seek the truth.

God has a great plan for His children upon this Earth plane. Each of you will play your part. Each of you will know your part and there will be no confusion, no stepping back, no fear. But you will know the joy of fulfilling something truly deep within you that you have always known is to be expressed in the world. You will find that expression in its fullness and richness and wonderment. 

May God bless you, my beloved friends. And, indeed, we continue on the journey, soul awakening. Indeed, the awakening of the soul. God bless you. I am Seretta Kem and I love you so, my beloved friends, the sojourners of truth, the forerunners of what is to come, those brave souls willing to test the limits, the boundaries of your own consciousness and capacities. So, we come together to help foster these things within you and through you. God bless you. My love is with you all. 