---
title: "It’s Time to Step Up and Step Out!"
menu_title: ""
description: "Matthew says It’s Time to Step Up and Step Out!"
date: 2023-05-18 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# It’s Time to Step Up and Step Out!

March 11<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



It is good to see you gathered together in prayer and in the loving communion you have with one another as brothers and sisters in the Father’s Love, as friends in a world where friendship such as this is rare, a fellowship that continues to grow.

My beloveds, more opportunities to speak and to bring the Truth of God’s Love to the world will befall you, those of you who are willing to step forward and speak of these truths for time grows short where such opportunities may proliferate. It may come to you often in surprising ways. Do not turn away from those opportunities, beloved souls, but step forward and know that you will be inspired and uplifted as you speak and share the Truth of God’s Love with others. 

Yes, many opportunities will be there and will come in many ways. You may be speaking to one individual or many individuals. But it is time to put aside any reticence and to be present in the flow of God’s Will which will bring those opportunities forward. Desire is important in this regard. Do you desire to serve God in this way? Can you walk as God’s emissary, a channel of love in the world for many who are seeking? Though within their minds they may have certain parameters and ideas as to what they are seeking. Yet, those conditions may be that of the mind rather than the soul. In truth, it is the soul that seeks God always. It is for you to be that inspiration, that channel of love and blessings for another so that they may come to recognize this yearning that comes from the soul and that they may have an experience, an acknowledgement, something that signifies to them that these soul yearnings are real and important.

I know in your world, many are not open to a conversation of sharing about God and about how God loves them. The biases that they carry within their minds are great. They shy away from what they deem as religious thought. So, they are reluctant to speak to you or have you speak to them. But when a conversation is struck and that individual feels drawn and trusts in your presence and feels comfortable with you, then indeed, some fragment of truth may be given in a casual way, a loving way.

Each of you has had this experience. Each of you is open to being that channel of love in the world. More opportunities to reach out in this way will become evident in your daily life. As the changing world continues in its trajectory, there will be more opportunities to comfort and to help uplift your brothers and sisters, to demonstrate the Truth of God’s Love, and to be that channel of love. Only part of this responsibility lies within the words spoken. Moreover, it is being that channel, that bright light in the world that is important and necessary for without that foundation and without comporting yourself in this way of light and love, your words fall flat. They do not ring as a true expression of your being. Thus, you must put away your judgments or reticence or whatever condition may block the communication, the flow of love. You must be free in the love and light that is offered to you, that grows within you so that you may express these things without inhibition but in a grounded and truthful way.

When you act in love serving another, uplifting another, so this is the message. This is an expression of such. When you are compassionate, when you are wise, when you are truthful, when you are gentle and kind, respectful, all these things exemplify the light, are in harmony with the light or love within your soul. In these expressions, are you not acting on God’s behalf, bringing the truth that He wishes humanity to have into the arena of your life? Make each day a dedication to serving God and to serving your brothers and sisters. Make each day an opportunity to serve, seeking out those signals and messages that God gives to you so that you may serve effectively and clearly in your life. Seek to listen to God’s Will and be clear and confident in what your guidance might be. 

Yes, there are many hurdles to overcome when you wish to live a life in the light, to serve in love, and to be true to that which is of light and love and truth. Yet, each of you has walked this path for a number of years. Each of you have been tested often. Each of you has had many experiences, and many opportunities to serve. So, this is not a time to rest upon your laurels, beloved souls, but a time to push further within the arena of service, of truth, of being a channel of love and light in the world. So, God will bring you many opportunities, beloved souls. 

Remember, when these things come into your consciousness and life, it is both a test and a blessing, for God wishes for you to choose light, to be wise in your actions and to be true to the yearnings and desires of your soul. So, he gives you the opportunity to express and practice the art of service, the art of being a channel of love in the world. Some of you come to this more readily than others. Some find certain avenues of service more comfortable than others. Some speak more readily than others. Yes, you are each unique in your personality and gifts. We are not suggesting that you be untrue to that which you are as a personality and a gifted soul, rather, that you exemplify and magnify that which you are and that which you can be for you do not know all of your gifts. You are not aware of the possibilities that exist within you. Indeed, as God gives you the opportunity to stretch, to go beyond certain limitations that you have created within your minds, then you will come to see gifts manifest, new horizons available to you, and possibilities of expressing attributes that are within you that you did not know you had. 

My beloved and beautiful friends, there is much still for you to explore, know, and express. The possibilities that lie within your soul are limitless, only bound by the amount of God’s Love that exists therein. When you grow in this Love so that which is within you wishes to be expressed consciously within this material world in which you live. Often others can be startled by this new behaviour or new expression for they wish to see you in certain terms and expressions and become confused when these parameters change as you change and grow. But this is to be expected no matter what turn is taken in your life. Change is a constant in God’s universe. So, change will come always and forever more.

It is only you that curtails and inhibits such change. You do so for a variety of reasons that are primarily within your mind, a mind that sets limitations and boundaries and does not wish to go beyond that which is comfortable, familiar, and set so powerfully within your consciousness. Yet, you must change and respond to the awakening soul, that part of you that continues to push and stretch and expand within you for how can you control and confine the power of God’s Love within you? You can try to do so and you can will certain things, expressions of the soul that are comfortable for the mind and your idea of yourself and who you are. But this can only last for so long as this pressure builds within, this needs for expression, this need to expand, this need to be truly who you are, that soul that is you. 

Beloveds, there are always challenges. Living on this Earth plane is a set of challenges and is a life of challenges. But indeed, you are given much and you grow much in the Father’s Love. So, you are well-equipped to confront these challenges, to surmount them, and to continue on until another and another comes so that you grow strong and wise and capable, filled with many gifts and blessings to be expressed in the world. So, do not limit yourself, beloved souls, but come to understand that there is tension in the journey of soul growth for the soul is always seeking more, wanting to grow more, wanting to be transformed and truly within the harmony and blessings that come with God’s Touch upon it. 

This is your reality, beloved souls. You are greatly blessed. You are surrounded by your angel friends and more. You have one another. You are supported in an utmost way. So, do not fret or worry or have cares for these impulses that come are beautiful and of light and they will strengthen as you grow. Be in alignment with your soul, beloveds. Be true to yourself. In this way, you will truly become that being that you are meant to be, that God created and set forth in the universe as a force to be reckoned with, a beautiful soul to be expressed that will bring much light into the world.

You are blessed and you are deeply loved. May you continue to know this blessing and feel this love and be bolstered by all that is given so that you may grow and mature and be that beautiful soul you are meant to be. God bless you, beloveds. I am Matthew. I am glad to speak to you today, beautiful souls, children of God. You will find your way and you will express many things in your lives. Allow it to be and so it shall be manifest as a great light in the world. God bless you, beloveds. My love is with you always. God bless you.