---
title: "We are Stronger Together"
menu_title: ""
description: "Orion says We are Stronger Together"
date: 2024-07-22 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# We are Stronger Together

February 2<sup>nd</sup>, 2023

Florida, USA

Received by Al Fike  



I am Orion. I am your brother and though I come from far off, I am your brother. Indeed I am fascinated with your conversations and questions. For where I live no such issues exist. They are far from our minds and our concerns. We live in a world of joy and fulfillment, physical and spiritual perfection. This is the result of our efforts to be close to the Creator of all, to understand the laws of His creation, to be fulfilled within those laws. 

Our life is much simpler than yours. For we are not burdened as you are. Yet, within you is a great spirit, a great desire for change, for healing, for rectifying the ills of this world of yours, a great ambition to put aside the pain and the darkness and bring light. In this way you are strong, my friends. For if we were to experience the pitfalls of earthly life, I wonder how we would survive this world of yours. In some respects you are stronger than us, and of course, in other respects, we are stronger than you. But together we are strong. Together with your angel friends, the bright spirits and your other worldly friends, we will accomplish your goal. We all come together, in great desire, focus and effort to bring light to your world, to help enlighten humanity and to lighten the burdens of humanity. 

My beautiful and strong souls of Earth, we embark upon a tremendous journey of healing, of reclaiming the Earth and bringing harmony to it. You will do your part and we will do ours. We all follow the Will and guidance of God. For this is the source of all true wisdom, strength, love, all the elements that are required to heal this Earth and disperse the darkness. I urge you, my friends, seek out God. When you question things, seek out God. For it is in your questioning from the soul, that true part that is powerful, glorious, that the answers will come, that you will continue to grow in strength and truth, your capacity to love, to discern, to act and to be a strong and powerful instrument for God.

Yes you may spend time in questioning, inquiring about the truth, but I would add to this an equal measure, actions of service and love. For a balance is important. One cannot hide away and continue with inquiries ad infinitum without acting upon the knowledge that you know, stretching, expressing, discovering the capacities that are within each one of you. You must go out into the world and be that light. Do not worry about the opportunities to do so because God will furnish many opportunities for each of you and will ensure that you will have the conditions, the situation, the opportunity to express yourself spiritually, to utilise your gifts, to have them come forward and present with you and through you. So the truth may be known and demonstrated. 

You are all strong and capable souls. You demonstrate this while you are together. You speak clearly of your longings and ambitions. You wonder how you might fulfil that deep longing within your soul to be God’s instruments, to teach your brothers and sisters the truth, to have the ways and means of overcoming the resistance that is so common amongst your brothers and sisters. Yet, as you venture forward, as you reach out to another, you will become more skilled so that with finesse and grace, love and kindness, many will be drawn to you and they will wonder how you are as you are, beautiful lights in the world.

So do not fear the opportunities that God lays before you, those individuals that come upon your path. Do not fear that you will be rejected or that you will distort your intentions of bringing truth to them. Instead, walk in faith. Be in light. Always draw to you the grace of God through prayer and indeed, what you may call miracles will happen. Manifestations, some of which you have spoken, will be an everyday occurrence in your life because you have aligned yourself with God and all that comes with His love and much will come, my beloved friends. 

Much is coming. Much has already come to you. Open your eyes to the glories of God’s touch in your life. Open your eyes to all the beautiful and wonderful aspects of your life. Some of you feel bereft because what you envision or what you think you need in your life is not materialised. I tell you that if you could see the light within your soul, recognize for yourself what is truly alive within you, you would realise that God has given you the most magnificent gifts and that you are truly blessed. That with this acknowledgement, with your desire and acceptance to be a channel of love in the world, many doors will open that are unexpected, surprising, sometimes difficult but indeed, you will always be engaged in God’s work, if you so desire it. 

If you wish to put your focus and your efforts upon the material concerns, then, so be it. God will not disparage you for this choice. Yet, what I have heard from you very clearly and resolutely is that you wish to bring the truth of God’s Love to the world. What often is the case with humans is that you have certain ideas and predilections of thought that hold you from truly being that channel. Your biases and your fears keep you from it. I say to you my friends, look deep, be honest and see for yourselves that which holds you back. In so doing, may you allow God to remove these barriers and to open the way, not your way but God’s way to express the truth of His Love, to be in alignment with His plan to inform all of humanity of this treasure. It is a magnificent plan. It is a plan that may be implemented by those who are humble, open and willing.

I urge you to put aside your concerns. Put aside your disappointments. Put aside your fears. Put aside your biases and be with God purely as a child, seeking His guidance and His attentions upon you. For God will not forsake you. God will not ignore you. God is ever willing to be with you and to truly connect with you. It is for you to put aside those things that hold you back, that creates a barrier, that is filled with expectations of that which may be. Instead ask God to bless you in the way that is meant to be. It shall come to you, my friends. It will come clearly, powerfully, wholeheartedly and you will know the joy and fulfilment of it. It is waiting. God is waiting. The world is waiting and you must overcome the impediments to the fulfilment of this plan that is laid out before you. 

May God bless you on that journey, my friends. I am Orion. I have come to close this circle. We, and when I say we, I mean all involved with you are very pleased indeed with your efforts in reaching out to God and reaching toward light and your desires to fulfil God’s plan to awaken humanity to truth. You come one step closer to the realisation of this and there are other steps taken, but you have stepped together in harmony and unity, and this in itself is a powerful statement in the world. You have drawn great light to you, light that has benefitted many others, many who you have no idea, who you will never know who have greatly benefitted by your efforts. Beloved souls, this is an eternal journey and you are taking steps upon a never ending road. Be thankful that you know of this road and that you are willing to take the journey. For many are not and cannot. It is for you to lift your hand toward them and say, *“Join me. Join me on this beautiful road. It is full of wonderment, joy, love, all these things.”* Some will take your hand and join you. 

Another jewel in your crown, my friends, are all those who you bring to the path. You will see when you pass into the world of spirit what you have accomplished and how you have fulfilled your purpose and mission. These things will be evident to you in time. Have faith in yourself. Have faith in your journey. Have faith in all that God has given you and shall give you. The gift of life is burning bright within you, and you are expressing what it is that is within you, all its beauty and glory. Continue, continue my friends and much will be given. Much will be experienced, fulfilment of your desire will be realised. All in God’s Love, my beloved friends, the key to all. May you be blessed and come to know who you truly are. God bless you. God bless you all. My love is with you all, beloved friends.