---
title: "You Have Chosen the Battle for Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Augustine says You Have Chosen the Battle for Light"
date: 2023-08-17 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# You Have Chosen the Battle for Light 

April 9<sup>th</sup>, 2023

Sechelt, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike  



Beloved souls, I am your teacher, Augustine. I wish to affirm that each of you are a light, that though you may have your challenges, your battles, while living upon this earthly plane that is so rife with error and darkness and those conditions that are contrary to God's Laws of Love, you engage in this battle for light. You have chosen this. You seek something higher, something that is beyond these human conditions. You walk in the world with the desire to be in the light and to be a light.

My beloved and beautiful friends, know that you do not walk alone, nor are you losing this battle, nor is the darkness overcoming the light in your world and in your personal world. Rather, when the darkness feels overwhelming, when the feelings of grief overcome and the sadness is there, you know you can go to God and be refreshed. That God will always uplift you, God will always embrace you in love, and, indeed, every time you are confronted with conditions within you or conditions around you, I urge you to go to God. For how else can you neutralize these conditions? They are continuously perpetuated by humanity and the choices that are made every moment in this world. It is a world you cannot control, and it is a world that when you open your eyes to all of its depth and breadth of error and darkness and unloving conditions, it may bring grief and anxiety, even rage.

Yet, my beautiful students, souls of light, is this your choice, to engage in these conditions? If it is so, then you contradict the truth. The truth of the matter is that each soul must come to God and do so on their own volition. You cannot force the world to change its ways, to move beyond these dreadful conditions. It is only for you to choose, and the great benefit and blessing you have had in that choice is that you have found others who also choose this.

God has brought you together and God will continue to bring you together, so that you may know the comfort of one another and look within the eyes of your brothers and sisters and say, *“I see your light, I love you, I am your brother, I am your sister, and I love you.”* We choose light together. We choose to be in this brotherhood and sisterhood of light and love. God has orchestrated and opened a door for each of you to have these relationships of light, this support and fellowship of light. Do not turn your back from this, be aware that it is a gift. A gift that is precious, sacred, and beautiful. A gift that shall grow. An opportunity to express your love in an environment where love is accepted and love is honored. Indeed, your circle of friends, this fellowship, will continue to grow as you continue to accept and embrace those whose minds may be of a different ilk and perspective, and yet are they not souls seeking truth and love, comfort and light? Embrace them. Embrace the world that is indeed hungry, lost, and afraid. And appreciate that you are indeed in a different world, a world where light abounds and joy can be had, with choice, effort and prayer.

All of these things come when one decides to put aside all the mental imaginations that would convince you to be in that dark place, for it is easy to turn to that dark place. It is reinforced by the human condition constantly. We have deep compassion for all those souls who have chosen the dark, who are unaware that they have a choice, and who fall victim to those conditions that compel them forward. For in their ignorance and anger and disillusionment, they see nothing else but darkness. Oh my beloved, beloved students, these are the souls that you must turn to and say, *“There is a way beyond these conditions. There is light. There is light. And you may come to that place, if you but put aside your attachment to the dark thoughts and concerns that reflect the truth of what humanity has created for itself. One must go to God. One must seek solace in God, and in this way, find freedom, find joy, find expansion and the openness and wisdom. And most of all, find the love that you are all seeking and that we all seek.”*

For are we not all brothers and sisters, souls created by God, with the intention of going upon a journey of self-awakening, of knowing the truth, of being a part of the Divine, as that progression leads you there and shows you the way to at-onement with God? Yes, there are many concerns in the world. It is a dark place. Yet, does not God create places of light for you, places of respite, sanctuary, places of healing and upliftment, Circles of Light, many who come together to share in the Truth of God's Love? Despite all of these conditions of darkness, the light continues to expand and be present in your lives. Choose that place. Go to that place where all the worries and concerns of the world do not burden you, but you find freedom and enlightenment in the truth of love.

My beloved brothers and sisters, you are the hope of the world. Yes, it is overwhelming when you see how many choose the darkness, are lost in the darkness, and cannot find their way out of the darkness. Yet, you have found your way. You continue to find your way and to find the awakening that grows within you to accept this, to make it your reality, your life. Beloved souls, you have been given great gifts, benefits, blessings, and light. Continue to walk within it, to focus your energies, your minds, your thoughts, your activities, all that you are, upon the light. For, entertaining and discovering and dissecting the dark acts of men and their deeds will not bring you close to God. It will only bring despair. It will only envelop you in this darkness. I offer you, as do all the angels and God,  offer you another road, a road less traveled, a road that brings great comfort and healing and blessings. You cannot change the world, my beloved and beautiful friends, you can only change your world and in so doing, be an example for many others.

Can you lift the burden and the expectation within you that says, I must save humanity? I urge you to let this expectation go, to not be attached to it and to be free in the forgiveness and love and wonder of God's Touch upon your soul. In this way, greater truth will come, higher truths will be yours, and you will know the ways and means by which you may influence others in this light rather than the mindful expectations to correct and to judge and to perceive. 

For these things man has exercised since the beginning and yet has this changed the world? Rather, the judgments, the darkness continue to proliferate and grow. This is not the way to the salvation of humanity. The way to salvation is love and the way to love is to embrace and to see another soul in the light of their potential, of who they truly are and what they have been created to be. In this way, you will find freedom from those perceptions that inevitably come of every soul you meet, for every soul is flawed. Every one of you carries the human condition to some degree. I urge you to rise above any judgments, any expectations, the behaviors and conditions that you see are not to your liking and to be free of these things, and to love, to love, to embrace, to accept, to be gentle in your love, to be true to that soul within you that wishes to love, to be free from the human condition that often dictates what is contrary to love.

Be true to your souls, beloveds. Be true to God. This is all we ask. This is all that you can do and in this, you will find your way and you will be that instrument that you long to be. That bright light in the world that is needed. It does not come with you creating and constructing some image of what you think you must be rather, it comes as you become more your authentic self, that self that you were created to be, that self that arises from the soul and its expression. When the mind can acquiesce and allow this, then more of your true self will emerge. As you grow in God's Love, that expression of your true self and all the gifts within you will be magnificent and beautiful. In this you will gain recognition and you will gain the respect and love of others. For how else can this be but for those who yearn for the truth, who yearn for love and light, who yearn for joy, will find themselves drawn to you, for they feel this within you? They acknowledge this and they wish to be with this, once you emanate who you are.

Beloved souls, yes there is so much to learn, so much to overcome but indeed, you have the agency that will give you what you require to do so. You know the truth, the highest truth of all, and you will truly come to that place of realising your true and beautiful soul expressed freely in the world without fear of judgment, without fear of vulnerability, without fear of reprisal. Rather, you will be true and strong and beautiful and magnificent in your being, truly.

May God bless you, my friends, my beautiful students who are so earnest, who speak of their fears and speak of those things that cause them such great concern. Know that God loves you, you are truly loved. You are truly liked. Put aside all that troubles you, my beloveds, put aside your fears, put aside your wants. Rather, go to God with these things and God will lift you from these things that are burdensome and bring you to a place of peace and joy, your sanctuary of light. It comes as you reach for God and God reaches for you.

I am your teacher Augustine, and my love for you is great. I know each of you. I see you and I love you. God bless you. God bless you.