---
title: "Each has a Role in God’s Plan"
menu_title: ""
description: "Andrew: Each has a Role in God’s Plan"
date: 2020-07-27 07:21:03+11:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight: 386
---
# Each has a Role in God’s Plan

February 9<sup>th</sup>, 2020

Gibsons, B.C. Canada

Received by Al Fike



Beloved souls, I am Andrew. I am pleased to see you all together in this way, in prayer to seek the Heavenly Father’s Gift of Divine Love within your souls, earnestly, devoutly and consistently in your lives. And that you are following and answering the call of your own soul to be close to God, to have this great gift of His Love implanted within your souls as it grows and expands within you. 

Beloved souls, you are all a part of God’s plan to encompass the world in Light and so each of you are a Light. Each of you continues to grow in Light and to walk in Light. Though you are human and you recognize those things within you that are in need of healing and cleansing, for the most part you walk in Light and you are blessed with the accompaniment of angels by your side. God’s plan is to encompass the world in Light, to bring healing, wisdom and Love to humanity. Wherever you are in this world of yours, you are being used as God’s instruments to bring Light and connection with other souls in your communities, in your parts of the world. Though this often is not an obvious thing in your daily life, the connection that God creates, soul to soul, is active and dynamic and is reaching out to many. 

So you may wonder, how this plan for the salvation of humanity may unfold? If you look deeper within yourself, if you continue to open your faculties of the soul, the nature of your own soul, you will see that God is using you in many different ways, at all times of your day and night, to weave the connections, the threads of Light, around your globe. You are all active participants in this plan and this effort to ensure that humanity will come to a state of wakefulness, of understanding of their true spiritual selves and natures.

If and when the time comes for each individual soul to understand this truth about themselves, then will not your world be transformed in this awakening? Are you not transformed in your awakening as you continue to understand and come to know your relationship with the Creator, your relationship with yourself, and your relationship with your loved ones and all whom you meet in the world? The intentions that you carry, the desire for love, to be a channel of love in the world, will grow and intensify. Your instrumentality will become stronger and more diverse as you grow within your souls and as you follow this great Truth, this prime message from God: *“Seek My Love and all else will follow from this.”*

Make your efforts beloved souls, not only in these Circles of Light from which we make effort to communicate with you, but in your daily prayers. May there be a constant yearning from your soul to God that you may continue to awaken. Each day is a gift of awakening. Each day is an opportunity to grow in Light and to be an instrument of Light. So much is available to each one of you because you have chosen to follow the Truth of Love and reach for the highest of blessings. In this way you become a prime candidate to be an instrument of God because you have reached forth into and above the Earth plane to be this channel of Light, to be attuned to the great gifts of God’s Great Soul to you, awakening those subtle parts of your being, your beautiful souls, and making them real to you. In this way you may understand and recognize the functioning of your own soul and you may come to know the Truths, the Laws, the capacities and the possibilities of your own soul in relationship with your own Creator. 

Walk through your days with this yearning and a desire to truly understand your true natures, your true relationship with all of Creation, with all your brothers and sisters and with your Creator. If you truly are desirous of these insights and soul awakenings and capacities to understand from this place of soul, through your prayers, the gift of knowing will come to you for God wishes for you to know. God wishes for each soul in the world to awaken to Truth, to understand that they are truly loved, and that in this Love, many gifts are bestowed upon a soul yearning to be with its Creator. In this bestowal of gifts, awakening of the soul, the understanding of true Love, highest Love, much will be conveyed through you as God’s instruments in many different ways, many different ways indeed. This is a great adventure, a great adventure. First within your own personal awakening and understanding of yourself and then as a servant of God, a channel of God, which all of you here desire to be and will find your way and know your own gifts and capacities in this regard. Much will be given to assist you upon that journey and much will bring great joy, surprises, awakenings and knowings. 

Deep satisfaction will come to each one of you as you continue upon this journey and give it the recognition that is important to bestow upon your conscious self, the journey of the soul to God. This is most important for though you feel and experience your life on Earth as being the primary focus and effort, truly within the flow of your life that continues on and on, what you accomplish in this world of the material nature, is irrelevant to what you may accomplish in a spiritual way that will bring to you great blessings, will build a great legacy for yourself as you continue on through the planes of spirit into the Celestial Heavens. A great legacy that may also be felt upon your world, as you influence and affect others through your journeying to God, through the great awakening that may be expressed and shared with others upon this beautiful world of yours. 

God has a plan for each one of you. With each one of you, your individual plans will fit into the great plan that God has for the salvation of humanity. Consider what is important. Consider what you may focus upon, what you may do in your own spiritual awakening, in your own prayers, in your own thoughts and intentions and desires for the world is in need of your Light. These are serious times as you continue to experience upheavals and difficulties and transitions in your world. 

Soon those things that you deem so important in life, will seem unimportant as the world changes, as things and situations within your world shift and are often turned upside-down because of the great changes coming and you are in the midst of. So you must prepare yourselves spiritually to awaken, to truly awaken to those parts of yourself that endure, that are truly the essence of who you are so that that strength and awareness will carry your through every and all aspects of Earth changes and shifts. You will come to understand your true strength and your true purpose upon this world. 

So much waits for you to acknowledge, to open to, to be faithful towards this truth of your relationship with God. May you continue upon this great journey of awakening. May you know that you are never alone, that we from the Celestial Kingdom continue to walk beside you in our mutual efforts to grow Light upon this world and within it, within your soul, so that you may carry the Truth wherever you go, so that these great strands of Light may come through you to many others, linking the world together in this great network of Light. 

God bless you, beloved souls. I am Andrew and I am pleased to be with you. There are many angels with you at this moment. These ways of communication are deeply blessed by God so that you may feel you are together, that you are interwoven, that you are a part of a great fellowship and family of love. It is a gift, truly a gift to you all, a gift that has been deeply blessed by God, by our brother Jesus, by the many angels that come to speak to you, by your own intentions of soul that make all of this possible. May you continue to open wide to all the possibilities that are available to you to support you in this great journey of soul awakening and service to God. God bless you. God bless you all. Andrew loves you. God bless you.