---
title: "Feel the Peace that Passes All Understanding"
menu_title: ""
description: "Feel the Peace that Passes All Understanding"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Feel the Peace that Passes All Understanding

January 21<sup>st</sup>, 2020

Online Prayer Circles, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved souls. I am Mary. Yes, God’s gentle Touch is upon you, my beloved brothers and sisters, who reside upon this Earth, so burdened, so in need of harmony and light. Do you feel God embracing you with His Arms of Love? Do you feel God pouring His Love within your souls, infusing your soul with the Divine Energies of His Soul, awakening and healing and bringing peace to you all?

There is so much that God wishes to give to each one of you. So much awaits you. So much can be given in accordance to your prayers and desires, beloved souls, for God to be close, for His Hand to be felt upon you as a benediction reminding you from whence you have come and to where you will go towards at-onement, towards great joy and peace. His Love opens all doors, awakens all potentials and gifts of the soul and brings all that you are together in harmony working and expressing your great being in all that it is meant to be, all that is indeed an expression of God's great Creation which is each one of you.

Indeed, many blessings come and much will be given. At this very moment, beams of light shine upon each one of you in God's acknowledgment of your beautiful souls seeking His touch. Feel the peace that passes all understanding, that in feeling this peace you know that God is present, that are you are indeed in the Light of His Touch, that you are indeed loved greatly, a great shower of light upon you. Open your souls, beloveds. Open your souls wide eagerly accepting the gift that God has to give to you, the very Essence of Himself pouring into you, awakening you and bringing deep peace.

May God bless you in this Light. It comes from your prayers, a response from each of your yearning souls to be with God and know God and feel His Touch upon you. Beloveds, Grace, blessings, Love, Light, joy and peace for you all. God bless you. My love is with you all. My love is deep and abiding and embraces each of my children who are part of my family of love. God bless you. I am Mary.
