---
title: "Blessings Will Flow More Consistently, Deeply, Powerfully"
menu_title: ""
description: "Blessings Will Flow More Consistently, Deeply, Powerfully"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Blessings Will Flow More Consistently, Deeply, Powerfully

October 12<sup>th</sup>, 2020

Online Prayer Circles, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Mary received by Al Fike

I have come to bless you beloved souls, I am Mary. I come to uplift you, to be with you in Light, in God's Blessing and Touch upon your souls. I come to support those who are with me, to bring healing to you all, God's healing light upon you, upon your loved ones, upon your world. I come because I love you, my beloved and beautiful children of the Earth. I love you dearly and I am with you as you continue to struggle through the conditions of your lives and of this Earth. I am with you to uphold you, to bring my love for you into your midst, into your lives, so that you may benefit from my prayers, from the prayers of my beloved son, from the prayers of the angels of heaven. For, they do pray for you, beloved souls, they do indeed pray for you and have great concern that you will continue a steady rising up from this condition that is the human condition, to that of a soul awakened in the Father’s Love. That you will come to know this light as something sure and secure within and around you. That you may come to know the reality of God’s Touch upon you, God’s universe around you, God's Love for you.

So much is given to the children who seek, who pray and ask and indeed, the blessings will flow ever more consistently, deeply, powerfully, for each of you. As you carry on upon this path and bring yourself into greater alignment with God, so you will know the great Light of God as your companion, as the Light of your life. The Light of Love is yours, beloved souls, receive this Gift of Love. Seek it often. Seek it as if your life depended upon it, for in ways, your life does depend upon this Gift, the rebirth/new birth of the soul comes with this gift, a new life presented to each child who seeks it and seeks to be renewed and awakened and blessed with the great Love of God. It is yours tonight and always. Drink deep these waters and know that I am with you, that many are with you.

May this Light spread into your lives, towards your loved ones and this world. Beautiful Light, beautiful Light, the Light of Love. God bless you beloved souls, I am Mary. My love for you is great. My prayers for you are constant. God bless you. God bless you, dear ones.
