---
title: "Love will be the Currency on Earth"
menu_title: ""
description: "Love will be the Currency on Earth"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Love will be the Currency on Earth

August 13<sup>th</sup>, 2020

FUSC, Abbotsford, BC, Canada

Mary received by Maureen Cardoso

Beloved souls, may a showering of God’s Love be upon each and every one of you. May you feel the loving Hand of God touching and comforting your very wombs and nurturing you with a blessing of His Love. I am Mary. You draw me near as each one of you have prayed deeply in your own souls for a healing of those wombs that you carry through your life's experiences. You have also prayed for your loved ones, those who are close to you who you care deeply about. You have prayed for your planet. Let us not forget the creatures of your planet for all in the eyes of God are love for that which God creates is love.

When you live harmoniously with one another in these times ahead, for it shall come that harmony is upon your Earth, you too will be able to see through the eyes of love and to receive the glance of your beloved friends with their eyes of love. Love will be the currency on Earth in times to come.

We cannot say exactly when this shall be for man is imbued with his own free will, but it is the plan of God to have Love rain upon your Earth and all to be in harmony living together with respect, respect of the land, respect of the creatures, respect of your materials, and respect of one another. Each child upon Earth will have their own needs met in these times to come.

So, I would suggest that you cast your heart upon the experience of these times ahead of you, especially when you are downtrodden and you see the wounds and the hurts and the great disharmony that is amongst many on your planet. But dear children, I am here to say that this shall be eradicated from Earth. It requires souls to come into harmony with God. What brings harmony with God is the Divine Love. When a soul receives this Divine Essence into their soul, this great blessing from God, it begins to create a harmonious environment, drop by drop, healing you fully from all the sorrow, all your judgment, and all the discord that you experience within you.

So have faith, beloved souls, for times are coming where love will be the currency upon your Earth. All of you who pray are needed. All of those who walk in light are needed for it is together with God that we shall to help to bring this new currency to Earth.

My love is always with you and I shall pray with you as I say good night and thank you for the listening to my words of love and encouragement. God bless you. I am Mary.
