---
title: "Humanity is on the verge of great Awakening"
menu_title: ""
description: "Humanity is on the verge of great Awakening"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Humanity is on the verge of great Awakening

December 13<sup>th</sup>, 2020

Lightbrighters, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

Humanity is on the verge of great awakening and shifts in thinking, consciousness and action. I am Jesus and I come to bless you all in your efforts for you recognise the need for change. You recognise the need to be in alignment with God, to awaken in God’s Love, to be the harbingers of the Truth of God’s Love for all of humanity and the intentions to bring this world into alignment with the Laws of Creation and the Laws of Love.

In your recognition and your compliance with the guidance that comes, so you will be blessed with the strength and utility, the love and compassion, the wisdom to do God’s Will in the world. Those who follow the Will of God will be not be confused or waylaid in their actions but will have clarity and strength, will know for themselves that deep knowing, that deep commitment, that strength and persistence to carry forth this message to the world. So you will together with many others walk in the world as a force of truth carrying the light, the torch of the Truth of God’s Love.

By your side will be many angels to uphold you and protect you. So, the Hand of God will be upon you. Beloved souls, you have been called. Your souls know this. Your souls feel this. You have been incarnated into this world to answer this call, to embrace God’s Will, to be His instruments in this world. You will not falter, beloved souls. You will not falter but you will join hands with many others. You will all walk forward into the truth and into a future that is bright and filled with many beautiful possibilities.

As you walk with God, as your souls come ever brighter with the blessing of His Love, so you carry a great force, a great blessing, a great possibility to help heal the world and bring harmony to the world, peace everlasting, beloveds, peace everlasting.

God bless you, beloved souls. I come as your elder brother, as your guide and teacher, as the one who carries this torch and shall never put this torch to the ground but uphold it. I ask you, beloved brothers and sisters, to do the same, to carry the mantle of truth wherever you go, to express the Truth of God’s Love in your daily lives for every breath and moment of your life and be in alignment with God. Together we will bring the truth that shall save the world from darkness and bring greater light to all of humanity.

I embrace you all, beloved souls, I embrace you all and the great peace and love which is the Father’s Touch upon you. We are truly united, and we shall truly move forward together in this great venture for the salvation of mankind and for this world to be healed.

God bless you, beloved souls. God bless you deeply within your souls so that all may be revealed, that your footsteps may come with the sure knowledge of your mind and soul as you move forward in love, in service, in alignment with God. God bless you, beloveds, God bless you.
