---
title: "Choose to be a Child of Light"
menu_title: ""
description: "Choose to be a Child of Light"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Choose to be a Child of Light

September 30<sup>th</sup>, 2020

FUSC, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Mark received by Al Fike

…bless you beloved souls, I am Mark. I am an inhabitant of the Celestial Kingdom and I am also the protector of your church. I have been assigned this role of your guide and protector and am joyed to have the possibility and opportunity to minister to you all.

God is expressing great Light upon this world. God's blessings are powerful but so are the conditions of your world. Humanity continues to generate dark energies in your world, fueled by fears and judgment, hatreds and actions that are not in harmony with love. So there is a tension in the world at this time, a tension between light and darkness, a tension that must be broken in time. And in time it will be broken so that light will be pervasive upon your world and the conditions of humanity, which have for so long had its dominance in your world, will dissipate.

In this awakening and healing of the world in light, I beseech each one of you to choose light, to choose to be a child of light, to help God to bring this transformation of your world so that all may be in harmony and peace. Surely you all desire this. Surely you are making efforts to bring this into your lives, into this world. I ask you to re-double your efforts, triple your efforts. Do what you can and must in this time, in your world, to assist God in opening the way to light. In your prayers ask God for guidance to show you the way so that you may do this. Seek to know the way within your inner self, for surely guidance will come and you will find your way into a different place of consciousness and awareness that is more of God and less of you.

For, this is what is intended; that all of you upon this Earth may attune yourselves to see your Creator and all that is meant to be in creation. In this way, you will find the joy and happiness that you seek. When you seek out God and seek out His Love, you will find that it will transform and awaken your soul, giving to you the impetus required to be that individual of light, to know what it means to be a person of light. These things are coming swiftly upon your world, as the challenges intensify, so the blessings intensify, hoping to break the stronghold of man upon the conditions of your world, breaking apart these conditions that are not of God but of humanity, and bringing in its place a new era of light, and a beautiful awakening of every soul so that they may slip off their clothing of error and darkness and pain and don new clothing of light and love and joy. This is God's intention for each one of you, and this is God's intention for all upon your world.

May you be in alignment with this, for it does not require much, it does not challenge the beliefs of your mind, rather, it invites the longings of your soul which are so different from your conscious mind. May you come to know your soul, truly come to know your soul. In this way, this path of which I speak, this awakening which is coming, will be evident and obvious to you. In this way your choice will be made simple and clear. Put aside the worries of your minds, those beliefs and thoughts that you have so tenderly nurtured and accumulated within the consciousness of the material mind, and God will help you to come to your own soul which is beyond these things of the mind. It is the powerful kernel of truth that exists in all of you. May you come to this joyfully and easily. Rest assured, if it is not something that you desire this moment, this desire will come forward. For, anyone who aspires towards light will desire the awakening of their soul.

You are blessed to have this community, this church. Though you cannot be together in the flesh at this time, you are together within your hearts, and this is what is important. That you continue to be together in your hearts, loving one another, acknowledging one another. Soon, the time will come where you will rejoin one another in your beautiful sanctuary of light, and pray and speak and share together. May God bless you upon your journey of light and love. God bless you, I am Mark. My love for all of you is great. God bless you.
