---
title: "Share the truth of Divine Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Share the truth of Divine Love"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Share the truth of Divine Love

November 29<sup>th</sup>, 2020

Online Prayer Circles, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Jesus received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved children. I come. I am Jesus. I thank you, dear beloved soul, for your prayers. Know that I am close to you and that I walk with you at times and that my love for you is great. I wish to convey my love to each and everyone one of you, precious children of God who carry the torch of the Truth of God’s Love into the world. I beseech you to share this truth with your brothers and sisters, to bring the great blessing of God into their lives through your words, through your loving expression, through your touch to those with whom you are close and whom you love. For what greater gift can there be than the gift of truth to guide the soul into greater light, into truth and love that they may know the joy of the Father’s Love within their souls burning bright, warming them with the knowledge and the understanding that they are loved, truly loved by God?

So few in the world know this truth. Yet, there are many, many souls within your world who long to be loved, who long for this truth within them but because of the conditions of your world and the distractions which proliferate in your world, they have not been able to consciously come to recognize this great longing within them. They feel something, something akin to a hollowness within them, something that says I am not complete, something that feels in the depth of their soul they are not loved.

Yet, these things can be healed. This truth may come with a simple prayer to receive the great Love of God, His Essence, within their souls. Do not hold this truth to yourself but enter into the world as a messenger of this great truth to give the keys to their own souls, all whom you are connected to and whom you loved who are in your world and in your life. Bring the key to unlocking the desire of the soul, so that when your time comes to enter into our side of life, you will know that you have done God’s work. You will have been a messenger of love, of truth, of joy and hope to increase the faith of your brothers and sisters, to help them to come to know that within them is another place, another form of consciousness that is the soul yearning to awaken and be close to God. When there are enough souls in your world who have taken this key and unlocked the door to their souls and come to awaken to God and His Love, come to know their true selves and be into the Truth of God’s Love, then great and wondrous change will come to your world, uplifting and bringing greater harmony to all who dwell upon it and creatures and things of the Earth that are being downtrodden by the condition of humanity.

Harmony must come to your word, beloved souls. Harmony, peace, and love must come to all within your world. This will come for this is God’s great desire. It is the Law of Progression that must be enacted and unfold upon your world. Have hope, beloved souls, have hope that all will come to light. Pray to God to be used as His channel and instruments of love, truth, and light. When you say a prayer beseeching God that you may receive His Love, know that an angel will be by your side and that God will not forsake you but indeed embrace you in His Love. That your souls will know with great joy that God is there, that God is with you and that light pours upon you, that love is what holds you in the reverie of knowing God.  We in the Celestial Kingdom are with you and we share in this reverie.

So we are all brothers and sisters upon the Divine Love, leading to at-onement with our Creator. We all carry the torch of truth. You are needed, beloved souls. You are needed. Do not be silent but speak this truth. Do not hide away but express and live this truth. Do not be downtrodden for you have the key to all joy, the awakening of all the wonderment that this is God’s Creation within you. Be at peace, beloved souls. Be at peace and know that you are loved. God bless you. I am your brother, your friend, your teacher, your guide. I am Jesus. God bless you.
