---
title: "Peace Will Come to the World When Humanity Acknowledges its Shortcomings"
menu_title: ""
description: "Peace Will Come to the World When Humanity Acknowledges its Shortcomings"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Peace Will Come to the World When Humanity Acknowledges its Shortcomings

March 13<sup>th</sup>, 2020

Soul Awakening Tour Eastern US, Houston, TX, USA

Mary received by Al Fike

And I come to you as well. I am Mary, mother of Jesus. Indeed, it is love that carries humanity forward through all the trials and tribulations of life. It is the Touch of God upon the souls of those who seek to be in alignment with the Creator of all that strengthens those who indeed pray and long for the gift of His Love.

Peace will not come to the world until humanity acknowledges its shortcomings and lack of understanding of their true selves, those deeper parts that are yearning to be released and opened to God. Allow yourselves to feel the blessings of God, for God is with us at this moment. God’s blessings are abundant and rain down upon us at this time. Open yourselves, beloved brothers and sisters, to this gift and Touch from God, and you will find that the power of the reality of this gift as God’s Love will open many doors and bring to you a great sense of peace and joy.

I come to you to pray with you for this deep blessing. May you feel and know and acknowledge that God desires that you may come into the Light of Truth and perfect understanding of life.

God bless you, beloved souls. I am Mary and my love is with you. Always, my love is with you. God bless you. God bless you, beloveds.
