---
title: "The Footings are within Your Soul"
menu_title: ""
description: "The Footings are within Your Soul"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The Footings are within Your Soul

December 5<sup>th</sup>, 2020

Lightbrighters, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Matthew received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved souls, I am Matthew. I would encourage each one of you to be introspective and contemplative in regards to your own gifts and purpose and guidance from God. For if you are not clear within yourselves what you are meant to do, what is important to your soul in relationship with God and serving God's Will, then you will not be able to express with clarity what it is that you are creating here together. For if you are to build a strong and substantial structure, the foundations that you see on the surface are not all that is necessary in order to support this structure. You must be able to dig deep to build the footings. And those footings are within your soul--the clarity, the understanding, the loving intention, the gifts that are within you and the expression of those gifts in the world. Although it is clear that to understand your own gifts and the potentials within your soul, it is an ongoing process and awakening that comes with receiving the gift of God's Love. And so not all is known but indeed, it is important for you to go beyond the surface of your minds and dwell within your souls, that you are clear, that you are dedicated, that you are inspired, that you have within you a sureness, a confidence in what it is that you wish to express in your lives as God's instruments of love and peace and truth. The more secure the footings of this foundation, the stronger it will be, the more you can add to it in the future. And indeed, this effort and venture has the potential to be very substantial indeed. But if you venture into this with a somewhat superficial view, relying more on your minds than your souls, then you will create something that is very much of the human condition and human thought. And here we wish to encourage you to go beyond that place though it is necessary to incorporate these human things and ideas. It is absolutely vital that you come to know your own souls and your own souls' desires and the Will of God which percolates forth from your soul into your mind. This requires your efforts in prayer and contemplation, introspection, and to assess where it is that you stand in this venture to awaken humanity to the truth of God's Love.

You may bring a sense of satisfaction to your mind with many words and ideas and conversations, but indeed, it is that sense of rightness within your soul, a harmony that envelops all that you do, a sense of purpose, a sense of truth, a sense of doing God's Will that will truly inspire you forward. And in that inspiration combined with your own strength and light and love, you will inspire many to join you upon this journey to bring to humanity the awakening of their souls. This is your purpose. This is what all that you do aspires towards an outcome of your efforts. Beloved souls, know that we are with you, know that we wish to encourage you to higher levels of thought and  a deeper sense of soul so that it will be easy for you to discern what is necessary in order to bring about clear and harmonious structures and expectations of those whom you will be guiding and teaching and sharing with.

God does not guide his children forward into ventures that are far more than what is in line with their capabilities. God gives you challenges, beloveds, challenges to face so that you may grow personally but also that you may stretch and expand into greater light and opportunities to serve. Know that each of you have been chosen. Know that each of you has great potential and capacities to encourage forward development and evolution of these ideas and intentions. There is still much to learn and there is still much to glean from God's guidance, to know His Will. Know that we are with you. We are very close. We are making great efforts to inspire, guide and protect. It is merely our wish that beyond your intentions of the mind are those deeper understandings of the soul, clearly seen and understood by your conscious self. We will leave little to chance provided you walk in a guided way and consider in a soulful way what will unfold, what is important, what is in harmony with truth, what is within the flow of God's intentions regarding these efforts. Indeed you are challenged. But with these challenges and at times struggles, you will grow substantially in your gifts, in your ability to discern the Will of God and the truth of God. To be leaders you must express and develop these aspects of the soul. You must show the way and be the loving guides of those who are eager and willing to walk with you.

Continue in your prayers, beloveds, earnestly redouble your efforts in prayer. Ask God to show you the way towards deeper and greater soul awareness so that His Love may indeed infuse many parts of your soul, cleansing and awakening those things within you making you strong in truth, in harmony with God's Will, and that your souls radiate love and joy, wisdom and peace. For with a soul bright and beautiful with intentions of love, embracing all you meet, exemplifying the example that was our dear and beloved brother, Jesus, who walked this earth before you. Be that beautiful soul that you truly are. Put aside your hesitations, your doubts, your ambivalence and be in a place of pure dedication and service to live the truth in your lives, to be that bright, shining example of the truth so that others will follow and will benefit from that which you express and are in the world.

God bless you, beloved souls. I am Matthew. I continue to pray for your efforts, for your souls, for greater light to come to your earth and to awaken the peoples of this earth to the truth of God's Love, the truth of their own souls awakened by it, the truth of what may come with a world awakened in love. God bless you, beloveds. My love is with you. God bless you.
