---
title: "Guidance for University of the Soul (Lightbringers)"
menu_title: ""
description: "Guidance for University of the Soul (Lightbringers)"
date: 2025-07-30 06:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Guidance for University of the Soul (Lightbringers)

October 31<sup>st</sup>, 2020

Lightbrighters, Gibsons, BC, Canada

Professor Salyards received by Al Fike

God bless you, beloved souls, I am Professor Salyards. The four of you together are a potent team which will indeed iron out these wrinkles and problems and puzzles that are presented to you so that you may create a beautiful thing. 
This University of the Soul can be used by God to touch many souls. It is in the way you present it to the world doing so without exciting too many biases and thoughts to the contrary of what you wish to share.

So many in your world these days, especially those who are young--there is an eagerness for knowledge but a great suspicion of words and ideas that reflect the old institutions that are now becoming somewhat obsolete. These youngsters seek radically new ideas, new approaches, thinking out of the box as you call it. For those of you here who have experienced a good deal of life, it may be somewhat difficult for you to find your way into these new ways of thought. Yet in the end the new ways are similar to the old ways and it is merely an issue of language and bringing each individual along a trail of thought and understanding which is not altogether common with standard beliefs and approaches. So I urge you, beloved souls, to not only consider and implement time-held structures and ideas but to also allow for God to inspire you in ways and directions that may not seem familiar. And yet God has a plan as has been mentioned. God will continue to guide you along a road that will bring certain outcomes for is this not what a plan is for?

God's great plan for the salvation of humanity has many veins and tributaries enacted by a number, a vast number of individuals to bring about a unified outcome which is harmony and peace and the proliferation of love. Allow yourselves to flow along the tributary that God has guided you upon, to allow these things to awaken, to flow. They will come in different insights, little snippets of ideas, awakenings of thought, even emotions that are streaming forth from the soul and giving you a more solid perspective, ground on which to walk. Few revolutionary things are brought about by mere thought; they require action, they require effort, they require commitment. I know at this time you are merely musing about what might be and this is, of course, the seed towards something greater. Indeed as this beloved daughter has said, once the foundation is laid, a clear understanding is given, then there will be a rapid succession of actions and efforts. It will bring into place many, many outcomes and endorsements by others. You will gather a great team around you and it will in time become a worldwide phenomenon provided you are willing to be steadfast and clear as to the vision that is inspired by God. Each of you is capable of receiving the guidance and insight that you require in order to be unified and to put together a powerful instrument to bring change and healing, knowledge and love into the world. Have faith in this, beloved souls, great faith in what may be. Each of you are being called by God to utilize your gifts and abilities, your soulful wisdom, your loving and kind natures to serve humanity and to help lift humanity up from their darkened condition to something that will guide the world towards light, harmony, peace.

As with all things it may begin slowly, faltering, with few who really understand your vision. But as time progresses and conditions in the world change, the hunger for this knowledge, the desire to tap into this understanding and Truth of Love and God and all things that are of human potential and capabilities and potentials of the soul will be presented, discussed, shared and incorporated into your great plan. Indeed I am very excited about this plan that is taking shape. We are having conversations during your sleep states, my friends, planning out many things; as this dear beloved soul has indicated, she at times awakens with great insights and ideas. This will happen to all of you, beloved souls, provided you are focused upon the task at hand. You may pray that you will be guided, beloved souls; before you enter your sleep ask God to guide you. And when you are considering situations, ideas, structures, curriculum, plans and find that you are not clear on certain issues and subjects, may I suggest that you go to prayer or even pray before you enter your sleep state and you may awaken with some solutions. This is how we will work with you, beloved souls. You will come to various ideas and insights that will be seemingly out of the blue but indeed is guidance from your angel friends, from your own soul, from God's intention for each one of you. So much is available to you, each of you. You carry so many gifts, you carry such a strength, a light, a love for humanity, a love for God that these foundational things within you and within your soul will guide you true towards the goal at hand.

Beloved souls, may you continue to be blessed with the Father's Love to know the great openings, awarenesses of the faculties of your soul, that your soul may continue to develop in this way. And in this way so much will be made available to you on this journey, this project that you have taken on. You are ready to proceed, beloved souls, so proceed you must. We will assist you. It will not be difficult tasks presented to you, rather a joyful exploration and a coming together of your skills and talents, insights and gifts in concrete and productive ways that will help humanity.

May God bless you, my beloved friends. I am your Professor Salyards who will be heading our team in the spirit in order to facilitate many things that we may assist you with if you continue in this blessed effort. So you may call upon me at times as well to help guide and uphold you in these efforts. Much is happening from our side of life; we are assembling a team as you are assembling a team. We are looking at what is possible, what may be accomplished, how this may be so. We will share this with you in the ways that I have laid forth. We are pleased to do so, beloved friends. Blessings to you all, blessings to you all, God bless you, beloveds. My love is with you, God bless you.
