---
title: "Choose God's Love"
menu_title: ""
description: "Choose God's Love"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Choose God's Love

January 10<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Barbados Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Judas & Jesus received by Al Fike

**Judas:** The yearnings of your soul are evident and the Truth of God's Love shines through, as it does for all of you, my friends. I am Judas. Since you have mentioned me, you draw me into this circle. I am a living testimony of the power of this Love to redeem one who was reviled through all of Christendom for centuries and continues to be reviled. Yet here I stand in the Light of God's Love, an inhabitant of this great Kingdom of Love. You see, even though the mind may have different ideas, and you know my story and why I acted as I did, the soul is not dependent upon the mind. The soul is a creation unto itself and the true individual being that God created, filled with great potential, filled with wondrous gifts and filled with love. As that soul is purified, along the journey of spiritual inquiry and practice, the soul can express love more readily.

For those who are not blessed with Divine Love, the expression of that soul in the natural love is beautiful and bright and has qualities that are of God in the natural way that humanity has been created. Yet there is something more, as our beloved friends have been saying. That journey to discover that added piece of truth, that beautiful addition to the soul, is a wondrous journey. Indeed, it is a journey that attracts the Celestial Angels to be by your side, to walk with you, to influence, to protect, to love and to help you to awaken. We do our work together. We continue together, my beloved friends, no matter your perspective, no matter the journey that you have taken, the soul continues along and yearns for that great gift of Love.

My journey was more circuitous than you could imagine. I landed in the darkest of hells. I awoke in darkness after I took my own life. Yet here I am in light. Here I am, one of God's children, truly. Hear the Love that I express to you and feel it acutely. It is the Love that God has placed within me, the Love that has transformed my own capacity to love and made it Divine. I wish for all of you to walk this Path of Love. It does not require great readings and knowledge, but it can. It does not require even a structured and word-filled prayer that seeks the Divine Love, but it can. What is necessary is the desire, longing for this gift to be close to God and to know God and to know God's Love for you. This is the key to the progression that is eternal, the key to a relationship with God that shall never end and shall grow and expand for eternity.

Are there any of you who do not wish this? No. Each of you seeks it. Each of you within your soul knows this Truth and wants to truly live it. It is in the living and the expression of this Truth, the way in which the Love is manifest through each of you, your gifts, your abilities, your actions in the world, that make for the greatest testimony of the power of this Love. Each of you, in your own way, expresses your gifts for the benefit of those around you, for the benefit of strangers, for the benefit of all your brothers and sisters in the world. For as you seek the Light and Love that comes in your prayers, in your desires, so those blessings, which are many, are expressed through this little Circle of Light into the world, unknown by you. Yet you are part of the sequence of initiation that brings these blessings to those who are receptive, those you do not know, many who are in pain, many who are lost, and indeed the world itself.

This planet benefits from your prayers. The power of prayer, the power of love, the power of God's Hand upon you makes for miracles and blessings. The Touch of God manifests in the world. Be true to your souls, my beloved friends. Yes, if you are curious and wish to read of that which I have expressed, my perception of truth through a medium, then I urge you to do so, for I think you will gain great benefit. It will answer questions; it will assuage your own curiosity about things of the spiritual realms and nature and the Celestial Kingdom and of God. At times, too many words and too much reading and rumination of the mind distracts the individual from God rather than encouraging the individual toward God. Yet, for many, their curiosity starts as a mindful thing. This is because of the yearnings of the soul. The soul can only be heard by a mind that is open, which is open and curious and willing to listen to the desires of the soul in this way.

As the individual progresses upon a path that they have decided upon, answers are given. God does not withhold truth from His children. God is always there to provide avenues toward truth. Some do so individually and alone and prefer that path and are quite successful on that path. Others seek out others, individuals who are willing to teach, to share their experiences and give so in love and give so often with humility and grace. Others seek to read the words and put them together in ways that the mind is satisfied, making a secure path to the soul to rise up and be with God.

There are many different paths, many different individuals. It is for you to embrace and accept all, to not correct but to reinforce the truth that you know, the truth that lives within you, and to be an example, a channel of love for all you meet, for all who seek, for all who desire to be uplifted and blessed. You cannot put that desire within the individual. Only God can. Yet, when an individual comes to you and desires to speak with you and desires to pray with you and desires to experience with you the benefits of the words, the prayer and the Touch of God, then you have answered a calling. You have been gifted a great blessing to be used by God to uplift another, to do so in ways that are harmonious and loving, respectful and truthful.

This is all we can ask of you. This is all God can ask of you. Those of you who desire to be God's servants, step forward in the way that is of light, in the truth that is love in your capacity to embrace and uphold another and to do so with the humility and wisdom that allows you to speak with and connect with that individual in a way that they are comfortable with, in a way that brings peace, a way that is soothing and loving. If you cannot find that way, ask God to show you that way. For each opportunity to teach another, to give to another, to be a channel of love for another, is a blessing for you as well, a way of learning and growing, understanding. Yet, if you approach these things from a purely mindful perspective, you will not be receptive to the help and blessings, love and light that is offered through you, and to you, to benefit another. This is the language of the soul, the expression of the soul. Often the words are simple, but the sentiments are powerful and beautiful, and filled with God's grace.

My beloved friends, each of you are teachers in your own right. Seek to be God's instruments. Seek to utilise the wisdom of your soul and the gifts of your soul and seek to be a channel of love. When these things are in alignment, who can resist you, who will turn away from you? Each soul that you touch in this way, and that will be a unique way, will come to realise that what you have to give is beautiful and very attractive indeed. Not because you as an individual are so capable, it is because you have allowed God to work through you and allowed God to bless another through you. They are feeling that blessing, and of course, they are making assumptions and projections that you are the source, but a truly humble servant of God realises that the source is the Divine and the individual is the servant of the Divine. Yet, capacities and faculties that you possess come into play and God uses you like a fine-tuned instrument to make the music that will draw the soul and open that soul, make it receptive, make it a child, seeking and acknowledging truth, truth that comes in the grace of God, the blessings of God, truth that is through you, truth that shall change and influence another.

May you be blessed with that clear channel of truth, love and light. May wisdom be yours, my friends. May light shine around you and through you. May you be guided each and every day to be a servant of God. In this way, you learn and grow. In this way, others learn and grow with you. In this way, God is an active channel, an agent to bring light, truth and blessings to the world. He needs you. He requires your instrumentality, the beautiful capacities of your soul, to touch others. For you, in your lives, live something that is most enviable by others. Yet they do not know why. They do not know. Some feel jealousy and some judge. Some are afraid, but many are drawn. These are the individuals that God wishes for you to work with, to connect with, to love and embrace. The others who cannot get beyond these human traits that cause barriers, you must love them too, but in a way that does not make you part of that darkness, engaging in that human condition.

You must be strong and of good faith. You must recognise your true self, how beautiful that is. You must let go of any conditions that would bring you into despair, grief, worry, self-judgement and degradation. God wants you and all of humanity to walk in light, to walk that higher road, to be engaged in that higher place, soul consciousness and God Consciousness. Be that beautiful channel and being in the world. What God will use you for and place opportunities at your feet will be extraordinary, wonderful and truly blessed.

God bless you, my friends. I am Judas. I am happy to be with you today. I am happy for your discussions today, for they bring the truth to a higher level of the mind, which may in turn open greater passageways to the soul. God bless you, my friends. My love is with you. I see all your struggles. I am a man who had great struggles. I see that, like myself, you have overcome much and shall continue to do so. God bless you on that journey. May the Love of God light the way and clear the passage, so that you may know the deep joy and happiness that comes with a soul redeemed in Love. Blessings to you all, blessings of Love to you.

**Jesus:** My beloveds, I am Jesus. I wish to say how much I love my brother, Judas, long forgiven for his transgressions, long forgiven and now truly one of my brothers. I want you to know that an attribute of God's Love is forgiveness, that all transgressions that are made by an individual soul upon this earthly plane and in the lower spheres of spirit are forgiven by this Love and are healed by this Love. Though the recollections, the memories still exist of these transgressions, the feelings of shame, hurt and pain are no more. The individual is freed from that burden. The individual knows joy, recognises how much they are loved by God and how much they may love themselves in the Truth of His Love.

There are many benefits from this gift of Divine Love. Forgiveness is powerful and is one that concerns you all. I have spoken of it with the assurance that each of you within yourselves will know the Divine forgiveness that will allow you to fully embrace God without the impediments of a soul burdened with their actions and transgressions of the material world.

God bless you, beloveds. I am your brother and friend, Jesus. I love you so. I love you so, truly, truly. God bless you.
