---
title: "The World Is Changing; You Must Come to Perceive This Change and Understand Your Purpose Within It"
menu_title: ""
description: "The World Is Changing; You Must Come to Perceive This Change and Understand Your Purpose Within It"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# The World Is Changing; You Must Come to Perceive This Change and Understand Your Purpose Within It

January 8<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Barbados Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Isaiah, Jesus & Moses received by Al Fike

**Isaiah:** Bless you, beloved souls. I am Isaiah. The world is in transition. Though many do not see this or feel it in any significant way, the transition that is meant to be in this world is taking place. Soon, the realisation of this will be all too evident and powerful, not only in your lives but in everyone's life.

Even the physical world responds to this change that is upon us. Indeed, those of you who are sensitive feel that change, that shift of what you call energies, is happening in the world. These shifts are happening quickly and intensely. Each of you will be swept up in this intense condition. These energies and blessings that God is bestowing upon the Earth are given to the Earth and given to all of you in order to ensure the survival of your planet and the survival of humanity. For all who reside here, all creatures who reside here, the crush of humanity continues to displace many creatures and the harmony that was the world functioning within the parameters of God's Laws of Creation.

Now humanity has taken its stance and expression in such a way that, in many ways, it is contradicting these laws. You have free will. Together, the exertion of that will is immense and powerful. In its expression, the world is suffering greatly. Not that humanity desires to bring suffering to themselves and to the world. Instead, there is great ignorance and there is great need and desire for material comforts and for egoistic expressions, but do not consider the sacredness of creation and the sacredness of their own creation. Instead, humanity nurtures their own mindful ambitions and creations and this makes a great distance from God and God's creations. This imbalance must be righted, so harmony must come once again to your world. Thus God's plan to do so is now well in place and is unfolding in many ways. The numbness and ignorance, lack of understanding, lack of love that carries the bulk of humanity at this time, ensures that most are blind, unseeing and unknowing what is taking place.

You, my beloved friends, channels of love, instruments of God, must open your eyes, must see clearly and expansively what is happening in the world regarding God's expression and plan for the reclamation of your planet and all within it. If you are to teach these things, beloved souls, you must know them, see them and comprehend them. You must be in alignment with these things, for you cannot walk in ignorance and proclaim that you are a teacher of truth. You must know all that you can know. You must perceive all that you can perceive. You must truly understand that the times that you live in are extraordinary, potent and at this time chaotic. Yet, through the tumult of Earth changes and all that is a part of that, you will be able to comprehend, to see the purpose in it, to understand the meaning of it, to truly see beyond the superficial and material manifestations of it toward that which is spiritual, that which is potent with change and with healing, so that indeed, the Earth may be reclaimed in light.

The currents of darkness in your world are great. A spattering of light here and there, individuals of light such as yourselves, are seeking answers, are seeking to serve God and are seeking to be a greater light. God is working, manifesting the possibilities of bringing these beautiful souls of light together in some respect. Because of your world and the perspectives so varied, it is difficult, even with those of light, to be of one thought and perception, to have unity and harmony amongst them, for the mind dominates this world and the mind has its opinions and perspectives. If you were all within the spirit world, coming together would be an easy thing. Yet, because of the material conditions, it brings complications, a lack of true perception and acceptance. Philosophies of the mind, philosophies of religion, philosophies that are born of experience and the interpretation of that experience, continue to dominate and influence many.

Yet here you gather, my beloved and beautiful children of God. Here you seek answers. Here you seek to serve. Soon the tipping point will arrive, a time for action, a time to serve. Rather than time for yourselves in these beautiful Circles of Light, nurturing and nourishing the soul, there will be a time to step forward, not with hesitation, not with consideration of your own needs, but consideration of God's needs of you, what may flow through you and what may manifest around you. This is what must be considered. As you step forward in that consideration, it is important that you walk in alignment with God's Will. For nothing can truly be accomplished without this. If you do not know the Will of God and you are constantly following your own will, then what God intends will be lost in the forest of your own thoughts.

The slate must be cleared. The willingness must be complete. The desire must be strong. Above all, the Love within your soul must shine forth and bring its wisdom, its willingness and its desire to be in alignment with God. You know how to be in alignment with God. You practise this in your prayer life. You desire this often. Even your daily thoughts are involved in this great pursuit and question, “how might I serve God? How might I be in alignment with His Will? How might I be a light in the world?” The light glows brightly within each one of you. That question is already answered. It is the alignment between your willful self and the Will of God that needs your attention at this time, to truly understand what it is God desires of you, what it is that God has planted within you, a deep purpose, deep blessings, skills and gifts, many things within.

It is often the mind that wants to regulate, to control and to dictate what is and what shall be. True humility is allowing God to dictate your actions through His guidance, through the blessings and revelations that come as a result of the faculties of your soul opening and as a result of your mind's accepting what is truly of God, that you may embrace this fully, that you may act upon it with faith, strength of your soul and the wisdom of your soul, seeing the ways and means by which you may do God's bidding. This requires great humility and true humility. Each of you struggles with this. Each of you feels in some way unable, incompetent and, at times, unwilling to know God's Will and to act upon it. Yet, within your souls, God has drawn you to Him. Within your souls, you have drawn to one another, and you sense, to a degree, the purposefulness of your gathering and the purposefulness of your mission.

Yet you need more than that. You need to know the details, the action, and the plan. I assure you, my beloved and beautiful friends, that when you are in alignment with God, this will be the easiest step. The knowledge will come in great floods of understanding, not the understanding of the mind, categorising and putting together a paradigm of thought and action. No, this is not the way of the soul. The soul will merely absorb the Will of God and come to know it as Truth and come to express it as truly a part of you. You will feel the harmony of it, the bliss of it, the importance of it and the details will come as you step forward willingly, without hesitation and with great faith.

Every prophet that ever existed in your world, and there have been many,I was one of them, did not formulate within their minds a great plan of execution of what they would do, how they would speak or where they would go. Rather, they followed the Will of God. They were able to circumvent their own will, follow the Will of God and did so each day. The words that came off their lips were not theirs. They were God's. There was great purpose given to each of these prophets, some of whom you know today, some you do not, but they had their influence. They made their mark with the peoples that were around them. This is truly being an instrument of God, a channel of love.

Many of these prophets existed before this great gift of Divine Love was bestowed upon humanity. So, what they were accomplishing in their day was the refinement and the upliftment of natural love, qualities and morals and ideas, blessings. Today, you have something more potent than many of us had in ours. That is the power of Divine Love to awaken your souls, to bring manifestations and healings and truth to many. This is your touchstone. This is your modus operandi, to be that channel of God's Love in the world.

God will utilise you in many ways to do so. Much will be given in the way of blessings through you and to you, in the way of truth to you and through you and the way of love flowing abundantly. It is simple. It requires you not to act from a sense of mindful purposefulness, but act with faith, deep and abiding faith, to act as an expression of your love for your Creator and to act as God's Love for you flows and touches many. This is what is required of you in these times of change. If you do not see this now clearly, you will very soon. It will come in waves of revelation and understanding, it will come in your prayers. It will come as you walk along the path. It will come in many ways. As you pray to be used as God's instruments, the plan will unfold and you will see it clearly. It is for your education, your development and for your expression of purpose in the world.

You must exercise your free will to choose this. God does not circumvent free will. God gives you the gift of free will. Are you able to quell the power of your own mindful will and seek, through faith and humility, the Will of God in your life? All will be given once the impediments fall away. All is given to assist you to remove the impediments, but you must be diligent now, beautiful souls, for the time and timing is crucial. The tangible and palpable manifestations of change are almost upon you. Time is of the essence. You must act and be in alignment. You must be in alignment with that purpose that God has put within you, and the Will that God has to be expressed through you. Truly be aware of what this is, beloved souls, and you will find great fulfilment and joy in what you do. For what God has implanted within you is truly who you are and what you are meant to do. In that expression and realisation, oh, how joy will fill your heart, how clarity will come to your mind, how purposefulness will be expressed with every breath.

This is what is meant for you, beloved souls. There is this purpose imprinted in every soul, but very few come to realise it and express it. You must decide what you will do and how you will respond to my message, the message that has been given so often and the simple words that Jesus spoke, *“seek ye the kingdom and all shall come unto you.”*  You know this as God's Love. I urge you to seek it, for all else will come, as it is said. Then we will truly work as one to help uplift humanity and save this world from destruction, chaos and darkness.

I am with you often. I am Isaiah, one of many who now crowd close, for the time impinges upon us to carry forth the Will of God in His great plan. We gather the forces of Heaven to bring to Earth the blessings, solutions, understanding and the dispersal of darkness, to bring light and love, all in love, my beautiful, beautiful friends. Shall we work together, seeking to serve God, each one a prophet in their own right, each one a soul imbued with many gifts and great possibilities? God bless you, my beloved friends. My love is with you, always. We walk together, always. God bless you.

**Jesus:** … as you step forward, you will not falter, but you will truly know the Will of God. Be brave, my beloveds. Be sure. Be of God and be an expression of that Love that He has implanted within you and continues to bless you with that gift. In this, we will all move forward toward that glorious day of healing, balance and harmony that shall come to the world. The generations to come will know peace, true and abiding, and will live in light, bright and beautiful.

God bless you, my loved ones. I am Jesus. I am with you and I love you.

**Moses:**  I am with you as well. In truth, the entire Celestial Kingdom is poised to act, but indeed to have instruments on the Earth is a great boon to our efforts and, in many ways, necessary for our efforts to be realised in this material plane.

We uplift you, surround you, protect you, guide you, teach you and love you. For you are very precious indeed, my beloved friends. We want to gather as many as we can into one unified body, one acting body that will disperse throughout the world and bring light to many dark places. You are a part of God's plan, as are we. God will ensure that each beautiful light in the world will be given the conscious choice to work for the good of humanity and to truly step forward with clarity and purposefulness, strength, faith, light and love.

We work together, my beloved friends, all of us, all of us. God bless you, beloved souls. I am Moses. I love you.
