---
title: "You Must Know and Teach the Truth to Combat Widespread Error in the World"
menu_title: ""
description: "You Must Know and Teach the Truth to Combat Widespread Error in the World"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# You Must Know and Teach the Truth to Combat Widespread Error in the World

January 14<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Barbados Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Jesus received by Al Fike

Beloved souls, I am here, your brother and friend, Jesus. I come to acknowledge each one of you as truly my brother and sister. I come to say that the Truth that I carry and the message that I gave was not intended to be a religion with me as the Godhead and  the errors that came as a result of the misinterpretation of my message. I came as a universal man who spoke a universal truth.

As such, I am not an intermediary between you and God. I am merely your brother and your friend. Though I have within me more of the Essence of God than any other being in this world or ours, I am still one of you. I am still your brother. As such, I come, because we are all one family seeking truth, seeking love. Some are further along than others. This is the way of the world and the way of creation. Yet all are progressing forward in light, truth and love. All are coming to understand who they truly are and the potentials within, realised with a great gift of the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit is an active agent of God. It conveys this gift of love. It is not a part of me and never was, although I know the Holy Spirit, as do all of you who seek out this Love, for it is the agent that conveys this gift and blessing.

My beloved brothers and sisters, I urge you to correct the falsities of my being and my mission. Many, many continue to carry these falsities and bring them with them when they pass over into spirit. For many, many years of the earthly time, they carry these misconceptions and they do not understand who I truly am and often they do not understand who they truly are. My desire is that all error in the world be eradicated, for error is the source of darkness. It motivates humanity in directions that are contrary to the Laws of God, the Laws of Creation. Yet, God continues and will always afford humanity with the gift of free will to travel the road of their own choosing. In this, humanity has made their own reality and truth fashioned by concepts that often originate from the material mind and bringing their consciousness to a low level of understanding that involves the material plane and the very elements and basic concepts of creation. Many scientists seek out truth in the context of this material world, not recognising the multitude of layers and realities that consist in God's creation.

You, my beloved and beautiful friends, are seeking something deeper, further and closer to the truth. I commend you for your efforts. I commend you that you are ardent seekers of truth, that you are seeking out God in the purity and wonderment that is God and the power of Love that is God. God is nourishing each one of your souls, escorting you along a path that is truly blessed and lit by Love. I urge you to continue on that path. Do not listen to the naysayers. Do not listen to those who would condemn you because what you say does not agree with them.

The power of error and darkness pervades this planet. Indeed, as you challenge that power, as you become a brighter light, a speaker of truth, you will elicit much resistance, anger and provocation. These individuals who hold fast to error are fearful of losing power, of losing influence on others. They declare their truth as the only truth. Yet, in that declaration, it is merely the hollow understanding of what may be a kernel of truth, but it has been extrapolated so far beyond it that it becomes something very much different from truth.

Where there is love, there is truth. This is the hallmark of truth. Where there is a desire to control and to insist, truth does not exist. It is a human concept, one that humanity has nurtured since the beginning. It is time now, my beloveds, to truly challenge that way of being, that modality of thought. There are many aspects and many variations of this modality of error. I urge you, beloved souls, to be well educated, to learn, this truth and all the aspects of it well. For if you are inclined to go and teach this truth and to be an example of it, then you must be able to communicate clearly and succinctly what that truth is. You may say, *“I have experienced this, I feel this, this is my testimony of truth,”* but many will urge you and challenge you to go beyond this. What is the basis of the truth that you carry, besides a feeling and a sense of it? You must know it truly on every level and every part of you. Of course, that knowing is impotent without the experience and grounding of your relationship with God, and knowing and experiencing the power Divine Love entering your soul and the effects of its blessing.

There are two parts of teaching, my beloveds. One is in the knowledge and knowing. The other is in the experience and the being. Each of you have been tutored, encouraged and blessed by the angels, by God and by my love and prayers for you. You are being prepared. You are being shown the way. My beloved and beautiful brothers and sisters, a time comes soon, very soon, where you must speak up. Yes, you may harbour the truth within your hearts. You may hold fast to this truth and make it your own and live a life that is exemplary within that truth, but what God needs of you is to be a teacher, to show the way of that truth to your brothers and sisters. You must be ready in every way, every way to do so.

This truth is not me, as one of God's children who has found it, realised it, expresses it and continues to grow with it. The truth is you, my beloveds. The truth is your journey, your experience, your knowledge, your being, your light and your soul awakening to it. You are a teacher. You are a disciple of the truth. Thus, I urge you to continue in your explorations, to continue in your prayers and to continue to acknowledge the truth that is burning within you, a light so intense, so beautiful and so imbued with power that it will change you forever, my beloved souls, change you forever. That transformation continues to come into greater alignment and greater realisation within each of you.

Be aware of this. Be aware of how you might change with it, how your attitudes and perspectives may change with it. Be aware that God has a destiny for each one of you, a great purpose, the highest of purpose. It is for you to discover this and to bring it into reality, into your life with such power and precision that exactly what God intends through you will be realised. This way, you become the active agents for change in the world. You become the living examples of truth. In your own way, your own unique being, that capacity and ability to serve God as an agent of change and truth will be unique, will follow its unique course and will be expressed in its unique way. The language of truth is simple. The expression of truth is complex because of the individuality of each soul. It is expressed through that uniqueness, through the power, the creativity, the personality, the expression that each of you carry and continue to develop as you live in this earthly plane and beyond.

There is much work to do, my beloved and beautiful friends, so much work to do. The Earth is in a dreadful state. The conditions are so powerful and destructive that the continued existence of this world hangs in the balance. It is a very serious situation. It requires all light bringers, all who are of light and truth, to step forward and say, *“enough of this error and darkness. I speak for truth. I speak for love and love is the antidote to all that is wrong with your world.”* The error of humanity is the error of omission and now the omission is a lack of love. You must bring love in everything you are and everything you do, everything you say. This marks the beginning of your ministry, of your efforts to be God's instruments.

Do not dither about, my beloved friends. The times are too serious for you to prattle about in your mind, your indecisions and your fears. Put these things aside and walk in the grace, strength, beauty, light and Love of God. Make God your guide. Make the Truth of God your words. Make the Love of God your goal of expression and realisation in every part of you and every part of your life. That way, you become a gracious instrument of our Creator. That way, you do God's work. We do not expect perfection. We desire for you to be in alignment with God and God's Will. In this, you must be in alignment with your own self. Your soul, your consciousness, must truly be a part of this mission, this commitment that you have made, each one, to God, to serve as an instrument of life and truth. This is your purpose. This is a commitment you made before you were even born. Now it is time to fulfil that contract between you and God. To do so is to find a great fulfilment and great love and joy. For as you step forward in this way, so you will be blessed mightily, powerfully in love, in the development of all the gifts within you. What God has created will flower and bear fruit and truly a blessing for others.

My beloveds, I beseech you. I beseech you to follow the road of truth and to be a living example of it, to be guided by God. In that guidance, God will lead you as His instrument for the good of humanity. It is crucial that you answer this call, the call that God has made to bring you to that place, that instrumentality, that awakening that must come in a soul very close. Seek it out, my beloveds. Seek out your own true self and that which God has given you and wishes for you to be in alignment with Him, our beloved Creator, who seeks to heal the world. He cannot heal the world without His active agents, His instruments of light, truth and love, to bring that healing light, to open those doors of truth, to be that humble servant and to be truly a speaker, an example of love and its power to transform the world.

I am with you in this. As you know, I too follow the Will of God. I too am His active agent. We are all brothers and sisters in this great endeavour to heal the world of its pain, darkness and error, to bring love, harmony and peace. All is given to the Will of God, His great plan. It unfolds and you are a part of it, my beloveds. My love is with you, always truly with you. Embrace me as your brother, for I embrace you as my brethren. God bless you. My love is with you. I bring you my love in all its life and all its power and glory. I bring you my love for you, a gift, beloveds, for you, a gift. God bless you.
