---
title: "A Leap of Faith"
menu_title: ""
description: "A Leap of Faith"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# A Leap of Faith

January 13<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Barbados Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Grace Jordan received by Al Fike

It is Grace. God bless you, my brothers and sisters. I am so pleased to be here with you, praying for this great gift of Divine Love. My dear daughter, you were protected in your fall. Indeed, we would say you are a tough old bird, but a gentle one, gentle in speech, gentle in your love, you are a beautiful soul. My father would be pleased to know that there are those praying for Divine Love. His assertion about the Padgett Messages has softened somewhat, for when you enter into the Celestial Kingdom, which he has, the ideas change, the mind is changed, because the material mind and the soul mind merge together into one. The view, your perspective of reality, of your life, changes dramatically. Each of you are on that road, but not yet there.

I knew of Divine Love. I was taught Divine Love, but I never really understood it within my conscious self until I passed into spirit, and the beautiful angels became close. I think I have already told you that your dear, beautiful mother Barbara helped me a great deal on that journey. You see, the chain of truth, the chain of love as I would like to call it, must be sustained in the world. It begins with one person, one soul seeking to know truth. That soul, engaged with others, will help forge those chains of truth, the links one to another that are strong and add a permanence to your world, because one person dedicated themselves to a truth that shall not ever fade or transform into something else.

For the Truth of Divine Love is a truth that cannot be transmuted or misinterpreted. It is a simple and basic Truth. Each of you, in your own way, understands it. Of course, words might change, but the actual blessing of God's Love will never change. It is the same for you as it is for me or for any angel within the Celestial Kingdom or any child on Earth. It is the same. This is the message you must give. My beautiful friends, seek this blessing. Open yourselves wide. Have faith in its power to transform, understand its effects within you and know that God has enough Love for the entire universe, for eternity. Can you fathom this? Can you fathom the depth and breadth of God's Love, an ocean of Love, a universe of Love that cannot be depleted?

I urge each one of you, be greedy for this Love. Seek it out with all your hearts and souls. Be hungry like a ravenous man. The hunger of the soul is great. The need of the soul to be with God is great. The desire to know God is great. Do not put aside this desire, but breathe it with every moment. May it be foremost on your mind, in your emotions, in your feelings of the soul. For when you breathe the Divine Love, when it is truly yours and truly a part of you, when you receive more and more of this gift, the wonders and meanings of life are realised, known and experienced.

Nothing in the universe can bring you these blessings like the Divine Love can bring these gifts to you. It awakens every part of you. It shows you the way to God. It shows you the way to truth. It is the key to everything. How sad it is that the vast majority of souls on this world of yours have no idea of what I am speaking. They continue to live their lives with a soul that is withered or half alive or in darkness. This causes great pain to every soul that does not know God in this way. If I had truly listened to this Truth years ago, then I would have dedicated my life to teaching it, but indeed, I am satisfied with what my life was because I demonstrated love. Most of it was natural love expression, which is a beautiful thing. Some of it was Divine Love, which I realised I had when I entered into the spirit world and where my station was on that entry. I realised within my heart that God was great and God was Love.

I want you all, my friends, to go further upon that path, to breathe the truth into your life, for God's Breath, to bring the truth into your soul. This way, you become another link in the chain of truth, light and love, all the goodness that is of God. In those dedications, in your focus and expression of life, love must be foremost, love in all its permutations, all its ways of expression and all the gifts that you possess that may bring through those expressions. May they be the focus and the efforts that you make with each and every day. That way, you will know the upliftment of joy and wonderment, what the soul's relationship with God will bring. God gives His abundance uninhibited, direct and powerful. This Love is unambiguous, without judgement or restriction. This Love is the key to everything. Bring it into your hearts, my friends, and know that your friend Grace is with you as you travel in this world.

I have not abandoned my friends nor my family. Instead, with the progress that I have made and the full transformation of my soul that has been given with this progress and prayer, I am closer to you now than I ever was. I love you more than I ever did and I serve you more than ever before. I am your companion, your mother, your friend. I want to uplift and support you all so that that chain of truth may persist in the world and our children's children's children, they know a different world. They know a beautiful world filled with grace, love and life, filled with harmony and peace. Is this not what we want for everyone? May we, in our own way, help to bring that to the world.

Consider this in your daily life. Consider what you might do to bring greater harmony and peace to the world, to offer this truth to another, that they too may contribute to the great chain of light and love. It starts with one, but it will never end and will include many, many souls. You just begin on this beautiful island, but I tell you, in time, you will be known by everyone who inhabits this island. By your light and your works, you will be known and you will live a busy but very fulfilling life as God’s instruments of truth. Those of you who have come from far off places, we will do the same where you inhabit and further. For each of you is destined to go further beyond the locations of your home, to different countries, meeting different souls, many souls, and planting the seeds of truth everywhere you go.

This is God's plan. It will be fulfilled. There will be many who you will meet, who will join you and help to spread this truth until the truth is known by all of humanity. It must be known. For what else can change the world but love? Love, with all its forms and permutations. Love is the key to melt the hearts, the cold and isolated hearts of so many, you will bring warmth. You will bring a blessing. You will give them hope. You will give them the way to warm their hearts with God.

These things you can do, and you will do. You will do as your hearts warm, grow and expand in Love. It is inevitable that you will reach out in love to many. It is the power of love that makes this so and it is the power of love that will break down barriers and resistance, until the day comes when love becomes the currency of your world. The terrible problems, pain and dysfunctionality of this world will be transformed into peace and harmony, where all will know the truth that love is the agency of true life and true awakening.

God bless you, my friends. I am Grace and I am happy for my son, my new daughter and for all of you, beautiful friends, for my brother, beautiful friends, all of you. A time of action and change, recalibration and service is upon you. We continue to mark the day of your awakening and realising the truth and purpose that God has put within you, that that may be expressed in all its beautiful forms and ways to touch and warm the hearts of many. God bless you, my friends. My love is with you. I am happy to be with you. Oh, such joy within my heart to be a part of this little Circle of Light, so bright and beautiful. God bless you, my friends. God bless you.
