---
title: "Establish a Strong Foundation of Prayer and Avoid Rigidity to Become Effective Teachers"
menu_title: ""
description: "Establish a Strong Foundation of Prayer and Avoid Rigidity to Become Effective Teachers"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Establish a Strong Foundation of Prayer and Avoid Rigidity to Become Effective Teachers

January 5<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Barbados Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Barbara Davies received by Al Fike

I am Barbara. The conditions on Earth will most certainly put up barriers and situations to try to thwart your efforts. The mindful conditions of this world of yours certainly make for resistance from others when you wish to share this simple truth. I want to urge you to persist in your efforts. Persist, and be consistent in your prayers and truly approach God from soul feelings and expressions in prayer. For when you do this, the connection between you and God is real, powerful and palpable. When your prayers are merely of the mind and you recite the checklist of what you wish to ask for, it is not potent in its delivery. The feelings of the soul, the love for God that comes from the soul, the desire that comes from the soul, these are the things that propel your prayers to God. When they are sincere, true and simple, they reach their mark.

To lay a foundation as a teacher of truth, you must have a firm foundation of prayer and connection with God. Otherwise, all you do is a reflection of mental processes and desires. This cannot be when you pray to be an instrument of God. An instrument of God is flexible, malleable and impressionable, so that God's Will might be done through you, my friends. Consider this when you are walking the road of desire to serve God. Consider how you pray, for what you pray, what is important to you and what you desire. Consider the choices you make in prayer and outside of prayer. Consider how you may conduct yourself in the world and how being a channel of God's Will in the world is very different from what one would normally do as a reflection of your own will. Being true to God is being true to the soul that is in alignment with God.

Each of you have your challenges and your times where that alignment is pure and beautiful and times when it is not. As you continue to grow in the Father's Love, as you continue to be His instruments, this alignment will grow and strengthen. All will come as you continue to pray for the Father's Love, awakening in this Love, awakening in the blessings of this Love, putting aside the human condition which is not of this Love. Even growing in your natural love ability to love others. In this way, all is helpful. All helps to cultivate light within you. It is a challenge to be this way with every breath, but how many on the Earth have angel friends with them every moment? How many have been taught these lessons and have absorbed them? How many know the truth and are willing to live by it? Very few indeed.

This is why those of you who proclaim the truth in your life, who wish to be in alignment with God, who wish for great inflowings of God's Essence, are so important to us and to God. For when you continue to seek out this way of service, this way of teaching and sharing, you do God's work. Yet, the approach that you have, my beloved friends, must be that of humility and gracefulness, of love and kindness, reaching out to others in the way that they may understand and absorb what you have to say, not of a script, a scripture, an idea that you have created in your mind, reciting this over and over again. This will not truly reach the individual. **There may be misunderstandings, to be sure, but if you wish a conscious connection with the other and you speak from their perspective, their considerations, then you will inspire and reach them with truth.**

It is difficult, to be sure, but a good teacher is one who is secure in the knowledge that they teach, but also fashions it in such a way that those students he or she is teaching are able to grasp what is being conveyed in language, perceptions and vision that is common to the group. Some new individuals are coming into your circle. It is important that you honour their perspective, to love them, to make them feel comfortable and a part of. Allowing them to speak their truth as you speak yours. Allowing others to be themselves rather than creating a script that all must follow and all must comply with.

The way of rote teaching is not how you will draw in others from the beginning. For many, what you have to share is not commonplace. It is not part of their vocabulary. It is not part of their life. Yet, within their souls is a longing to draw close. You must acquiesce the mind and give them a feeling of belonging and comfort so that they are truly open and receptive to what you have to say. Humility, my friends, humility is so important, and appreciating and loving the individual who you meet, who may be a part of your group, who you may invite, allowing them their way, honouring them in their path toward enlightenment. In your honouring of the Truth of Divine Love, suggesting that the individual may pray for this gift of Love, all their other mental imaginations and ideas will, in time, become irrelevant if that individual is truly desirous of this gift.

It is a process of machination, of recalibration and of understanding truth. It has not come readily or instantly. Some may have experiences that bring them to truth in a direct way, but most do not. Most start with the curiosity of the mind and move forward from there. You must be sensitive to this, understand their starting point and help them to come to the realisation of this very, very simple truth. Everyone can understand the Truth of Divine Love if given in simple language. Often they do not recognise the depth and how profound this truth is, but they will, in time, come to it and appreciate it. Those who do not will fall away and follow a different path.

God will guide many to you, my beloved and beautiful friends, many more. God will guide you to them as you continue to pray to be used as an instrument of truth. Those opportunities, and doors, will open. It is for you to step through with grace and humility, with love and attention, so that you may truly reach out. If you do not know the words to speak, ask God to put the words on your lips. For each of you is capable of speaking in this way and God will surely give you the words that will reach and inspire the individual who you are speaking with.

There is so much to learn in this effort to bring the Truth of God's Love to humanity. It is not so much the learning of this truth, which is simple. It is learning of your own self, your own soul development, your own way of being in the world and how that may change and be ameliorated and heightened with God's Love. The power of the soul can influence, change you, change your perspective, change your ways. It has the power to do so if you allow it to do so. Many who walk this Path of Love Divine carry a rigidity, an idea, an expectation that is of the mind, that inhibits this flow of Love and acceptance which I am talking about.

My friends, do not be rigid. Allow the flow of Love to be first and foremost in your presence, in the world. In love, there comes acceptance, there comes an embrace, there comes humility, and the grace of this Love pervades the room. Be in that place, my beloved friends, and you cannot go wrong. Even if a stranger or an individual you are speaking with does not grasp immediately the conversation you are having, their souls are responding in joy, for every soul created wishes for at-onement with God. Every soul whom you speak with and you emanate this truth to will respond with joy. Even if the individual does not feel or recognise it in a conscious way, you will have planted a seed and you will have given hope to a soul.

This is, in many situations, the best you can do. It is important that you try, that you make that effort, that you embrace the other soul and add the simple truth that is the truth of your life. Add this when you speak to your friends and your family. Say *“this is what is important for me. This is what I live with and I live for, this great gift of God's Love.”* They cannot deny you this and you have revealed something very important about yourself and about your motivations. They may go away with the gift of your commitment and your testimony in a way that is personal and speaks of truth. There are many ways to approach sharing this Truth of God's Love. Be creative. Be true to your own experience. Be receptive to the guidance that God will give and to the influence and inspiration we will give. You have much support and much love. Walk in the world with that confidence of recognising and acknowledging what is truly being given to you and is expressed through you.

God bless you, my beloved friends. I am Barbara. I am happy to speak in this way of sharing the most important gift you can give to a soul. I urge you to be kind and to speak truth with love and grace. God bless you. Barbara loves you. We will continue to be by your side as we pray together. I love you, oh how I love you. God bless you.
