---
title: "A Lesson on Commitment"
menu_title: ""
description: "A Lesson on Commitment"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# A Lesson on Commitment

January 9<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Barbados Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Augustine & Barbara Davies received by Al Fike

**Augustine:** God bless you, my beloved students. It is your teacher, Augustine. I wish to speak about the benefits of commitment and how your commitment toward the work that we do together is most important. I wish to illustrate this by describing the forms and depth of commitment that are made in the spirit world and in the Celestial Kingdom, that commitment which supports you and your work and, most of all, that commitment that supports God and His work. When you designate a time for prayer, you are making a commitment, but this is a small factor in the great picture of what commitment means. When you designate a period of time in your life where you are part of a circle, such as this, the Circle of Light, and you meet daily, that too extends the commitment and your dedication to the work.

Yet, that commitment does not end with the time designated and the circle drawn together in prayer. In your time, as you commit to a certain number of days, a certain number of hours, it is important that you sustain and maintain a spiritual perspective and attitude, as well as prayerfulness and humility. For you are well aware of the Laws of Attraction, that your thoughts attract, your actions attract many spirits and energies, as you would call them, that reinforce your thinking and your actions. When you commit yourself to what you call a retreat, you must sustain a high level of light and that which you attract to you, so that we may do our work easily, that together, we may be in alignment with God's Will and work. That is your commitment. Each day it is apparent that that commitment can fluctuate in accordance with what you allow the distractions of this world to bring into your efforts for the times that you are together. We cannot expect 100%, as you would call it, commitment from you, for this would be beyond the realms of your cognition and understanding of what that is. Yet, we wish for you to make the greatest effort that you can.

It is important at this time, and I will tell you why. Months before you gather, we are planning and we are praying. We gather to secure the efforts that we are making together. Our focus is on this. Our commitment is complete. We make great effort, my beautiful students, and we have great hopes and desires for what might be accomplished. This does not just happen in the Celestial Spheres. It is happening in many other spheres as well, groups such as yours, gathering together, seeking to serve God, seeking to help create and reinforce a channel, a portal, a beam of light that culminates upon this sphere, this planet.

Many hundreds and sometimes thousands of spirits and angels are involved. They have committed themselves to this work. Why is that commitment made? Simply because, in accordance with your commitment, the depth of it, the breadth of it, will determine the blessings that you receive, as well as the blessings that will be given through you to others and to the world. The spirits that are involved in these Circles of Light that are in alignment with yours understand this concept and are eager to participate because they are blessed for their participation. It is a direct correlation between their desires and efforts and God's blessings to them. This is true in your case as well, but because you are in the physical bodies, often you are unaware of the depth and breadth of that blessing, so you are more easily distracted because of them.

Our beloved friends in the spirit world and, of course, all of us, the brothers and sisters of the Celestial Kingdom, are more cognisant of the importance and the benefit of being in alignment with these tasks at hand, with these Circles of Light. Thus, you are not gathering just for yourselves, for this meagre group represents thousands of spirits and angels and their efforts. As our efforts and yours are in alignment and are blessed, then many thousands of spirits and mortals benefit from what you are doing.

It is important for you to gain perspective as to why we gather you together in this way, in the flesh. Yes, the travels and the resources spent to have this take place are great for you, but I tell you, in comparison to what may be accomplished, the efforts that you have made, the time and resources applied are meagre, indeed meagre, compared to what might be given to many, many souls. We do not meet just for you, my beloved friends, but we meet for many. We gather to bring the blessings of the Divine into the world and into the lower planes of spirit, even into the hells of spirit.

You see why attentions are given toward you. You see why many spirits are interested and gather. You see why in the realms of spirit, you are well known, for you represent the very few on this planet who are willing to work in this way. There are others, of course. God continues to nurture and bless those who are willing to serve, but they are few and far between, my beloved students. As has been said, you represent a great hope for the world, a beginning. You have made the beachhead into a very unwelcoming territory, and yet your commitment, your strength, your bravery, your faith, your desire is higher, ensures that your establishment of life here, in this place and in others, will be sustained and will grow.

It seems like a long journey, one that in many ways appears, at least on the surface, to have little effect and little progress. Few are interested. Many are sceptical. Some are fearful of the work that you do. The forces of darkness indeed control much of this world of yours, not because God is impotent and unable to clear that darkness away, but because of the potency of the human mind and desires, this darkness is sustained. God will not circumvent free will. We will not do so, nor any of us who are involved will do so. Yet, we persist. Our commitment is great and our desire to bring light to the world is great.

We continue, do we not? My beloved students, we continue in our commitment. My hope is that your commitment will grow and that you will sustain light in your lives, in every aspect of it. You were given a message recently regarding this. It is your responsibility, your commitment, your desire, your effort that brings greater light to you and greater light to the world. It is important that you truly understand this, that you take to heart that which is being given to you, not only in my words and conveyance, but in all that is being given to you at this time and has been given for many years now. The transformation of this world begins with one soul. In fact, it began with our beloved Master, Jesus, and what he brought to the world. Our desire is to sustain that message, as simple as it is, as potent and powerful as it is. Our beloved Master continues to uphold you all and uphold all these efforts in his prayer. The depth and breadth of his commitment would be unfathomable to you, but it is there in all its glory.

Your angel friends also add to this. Your bright spirit friends also add to this. You, my beloved friends, students of truth, add to this. It is the power of this collective desire and effort and commitment that will change the world. Indeed, you have been told in many different ways that that change will happen. It is God's Will and it will happen as a result of God's intention to heal and bring the world back to a place that is of light and harmony. Whether you are a part of God's plan or not is dependent upon your desire and commitment to do so. What that is in your minds and your intentions varies greatly from one individual to another, but know that as you strengthen your commitment, as your desire to be close to God and receive this great gift of His Love, you come closer to being in alignment with God's plan, not only for you, but for humanity in the world.

Commitment grows with faith. Faith grows with prayer. Prayer grows as you receive blessings and your soul grows in His Love. That chain of truth that is part of each of your lives will continue to strengthen and assist you in your own transformation, the discovery of your own self, your true self. That, in turn, strengthens your commitment and your desire to serve. There is much waiting for each of you, beloved children of truth. I urge you to consider the depth and breadth of your commitment to God, your commitment to service and your commitment to the growth of your own soul, for this is only determined by you. You have the power to bring change into your life, to heal all that is fractured, to make whole all that is you.

I urge you, my beautiful students, to walk upon the path Divine with true commitment and desire and all that that entails. May you be in alignment and seek it with all your heart. I do not say these things to admonish you, my students. I say this to encourage you and to give you the reasons and perspective as to why your commitment and the power of your own soul's awakening in the world will be instrumental in changing the world.

May you be blessed, beloved students, in all the ways and means that these blessings might take place. Be a child of God, that innocence and purity is precious to God. Be your own self that is true and of a soul. For that commitment to your soul provides the power and impetus for change. Be a loving channel for the world, for the light that you carry will have its impact to change the world. God bless you, my beloved students. I am your teacher, Augustine. You know that I love you so. My commitment toward you has been many, many years on your Earth plane. This will not stop, for I am your true teacher, support and guide and one who loves you so. God bless you, my beloved students. God bless you.

**Barbara Davies:** Oh, how I love my dear Augustine. How he has supported me while on Earth. You know the stories that I told and the messages that were conveyed through me. His commitment was great and powerful. Because I committed to him and to God, I was able to be an instrument at the time that I lived. I continue to be an instrument now in the spirit world, the Celestial Kingdom. I continue to serve you, for how I love you. It is the power of love that brings us together. It is the power of God's Love that ensures that we will be together.

My beloveds, consider Augustine's words. Consider the fate that you create for yourself through your actions, thoughts and desires. Consider all that is given to you. Consider all that is in alignment for these great tasks that we perform for the benefit of humanity and the world. It is a great task. It is of the highest calibre and expression. Thus, the blessings come to you as a reward for your efforts and commitment. So much hinges on this, so we will continue and persist in these beautiful efforts to save your own soul and to save the souls of many from darkness and pain, ignorance and strife.

God bless you. God bless you. Barbara loves you, know this. My love just grows with every moment. As my soul grows in God's Love, so my love for you grows. So it is, so it will be for eternity. God bless you. God bless you all.
