---
title: "Your Choices and Desires Determine the Road You Travel"
menu_title: ""
description: "Your Choices and Desires Determine the Road You Travel"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Your Choices and Desires Determine the Road You Travel

February 4<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Barbados Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Bartholomew received by Al Fike

The path of Divine Love can be circuitous or direct. Each individual, through their choices, will determine the road that they travel. God does not interfere with these choices. Yet, when these choices are made that bring the individual closer to God and more in harmony with His Love, then the angels and all the blessings and light come close to that individual. If their commitment is not strong, they take prayer as a casual event and not a mainstay in their life and they do not seek this great gift from God, the Divine Love, then it will be a circuitous route indeed, one that does not bring the deep and wondrous benefits of God’s blessings on that soul to any great extent.

It is important for the individual to assess the level of their commitment and the power of that commitment in their lives, how it influences everything in their lives. There are a number of people in the world who know of Divine Love. They know it specifically and through the wondrous books and teachings that have been given, but they find it difficult to change, to change their patterns of behaviour, to change the routines in their lives, to change their mental ideas and priorities that may bring them into greater alignment with God. Yet, laid at their feet is the truth, the highest truth in all the universe, is given.

Because of the nature of your world, the conditions of humanity, they do not see this for what it is. Some even look at it as an amusement, seeking out messages and communications from we in the Celestial Heavens as something unusual and desirable. We do not make this journey from so far away to your earthly plane for amusement or to strike a casual interest. We come in all seriousness, to ignite within the individual a deep desire to be with God, to receive this gift from God, to understand the ways and means that this gift may be given and how they may grow as this gift is generously offered, abundant in its offerings. Yet, because of the ways of this world of yours, there are so many distractions, so many aspects and elements of life that appear to be a barrier or contrary to what is required in order for this gift and these blessings to truly take hold of a person’s life and change that life.

One great element of Divine Love and its blessings upon the soul is that it brings change, not only to the soul, but to the mind and the body, all aspects of the individual. That change may be subtle. That change may take some time to materialise and be a part of the individual, but it must come. If the individual resists and ignores the expansions and recalibrations of perceptions of thought, then that individual comes into conflict internally. They feel within themselves a great ambivalence, contrary feelings and thoughts, challenges that make them feel uncomfortable.

Many in this state choose to bury and cover up those feelings that rise up deep from the soul. They choose the human condition, the human ways and ignore what God is offering them. They may say in their mind that they have chosen the Path Divine, but in truth, their life does not change much. Their patterns and routines are the same. The manifestation, the real expression of Divine Love within their lives is very mild and ineffectual in many ways. Yet, this is a comfortable place, a place without conflict, a place that does not challenge or contradict the old ways, the old self.

So it is in your world that many may take a casual interest in the Truth of Divine Love, but cannot commit in the depth and breadth of what is needed, so that they may truly follow this way and be changed by it, irrevocably changed by these blessings. Humanity, in its state, seeks comfort and ease. They follow the path of least resistance. They seek out that which brings agreement and not discord. In this way, humanity has brought itself to the brink of self-destruction because these paths that are so human in nature choose to ignore the truth and choose to ignore the situations that are so evident in the world, that are contrary to God’s laws, God’s creation.

Thus, humanity suffers and your Earth suffers from the deeds and ignorance of man and little is done to correct this situation. No one wishes to compromise these comforts and these conditions that they believe are a mark of progress. Yet, in truth, there is little progress except the mechanical benefits that have been derived from mental acuities and creativity. Yes, there is creativity, art, music, beautiful creations of man. Yet, overshadowing these things are the ambitions and concepts that reflect the human condition. There is little love. There is little love for the planet and there is little love for one another. These expressions of love are of the natural kind that are not consistent and played out in somewhat perverse and unkind ways.

Thus, humanity continues on its course, feeling that what is today cannot truly continue in the ways that it is. The world comes to a precipice, a choice. Those who can make the choice toward something higher, greater and more in harmony with creation will benefit greatly from this choice and so will their progeny, the children to come. Those who insist upon the present course of action, belief and effort will fall off this precipice of stubbornness, ignorance and a lack of humility, a lack of desire for change. There is an insistence that what is created by humanity is good and so the darkness persists, the human condition intensifies and the lack of love deepens.

We, in the Celestial Kingdom, weep for humanity, its wrongdoing, its ignorance, its darkness. We come out of compassion; we come to help humanity. We come at great expense to ourselves. For the contrast between the conditions that we reside in and the conditions in which you reside are great. Yet the power of Love within our souls, the blessings of God that are always available to us, compensate greatly our efforts and the price that we pay for them. We are here and will always be here. For God has instructed us to help humanity make the changes that are required, to help show the way.

This brings us to what I need to say to you all. Be that change that is needed. Do not shirk away from it, but embrace it. Be strong in your embrace and your commitment. God will guide you. You will come closer to God than you ever have been, and you will come closer to us than you have ever been. In this way, you will become the instruments for change. You will become center points for light in the world and God will use you extensively for the work that needs to happen, to be expressed, reaching out to humanity in many ways.

These are the times of preparation and they grow short indeed. Dor the time of material change is coming. It is very close. The time you have to prepare and to become that agent of change, these precious moments are crucially short and need your attention, your application. Oh, my beloved friends, so much work needed, so little time. I urge you to consider the choices that you make, the time that you spend to make those efforts to be close to God. In your thoughts, may they be of a higher calibre and that which also brings you closer to God in your actions, actions of love, demonstrations of truth in your everyday life.

If you can do this, my beloved brothers and sisters, then you are doing God’s Will. The rewards of doing God’s Will are far greater than any gratification or rewards that the material life can bring you, but you must want this, desire it, open to it, make it your daily life and all the ways and means that you can apply the truth to it, come to it. At your stage in life what more is there? Each of you has lived a full material life. Each of you knows its benefits and its challenges. Now it is time to walk the path Divine, to truly be dedicated, to put aside the irrelevancies of life and be God’s instruments. For the time grows short, not only for your lives, but for the lives of humanity. Make this chapter of your life a memorable one, so that when that time comes to pass over, you will look back and say, *“yes, I followed the Will of God. I have made this truth the practice in everything that I am and everything I do. I was God’s instrument, touching many souls, bringing comfort and truth to many.”*

These are the promptings of your Celestial friends. This is the Will of God. We have repeated this many, many times. I repeat again to remind you of the responsibility you carry as one who has the torch of truth. Carry that torch high. Walk in the world where others may see it and know it. Be true to yourselves, my beloved friends, be true to the promptings of your soul. For therein lies a purpose and a destiny that you may follow if you so wish. We and the Heavenly Father will never circumvent your free will. It must be your choice and your choice only. We may remind you. We may cajole you. We may inspire you, but it is your choice and it is an important one, the most important choice you will make in your life. Be true to your soul’s desires. Be true to the Truth of God’s Divine Love and all else will fall into place, bring greater harmony than you could imagine, greater joy, greater insight and greater blessings. These are the benefits of choosing the highest path, but you must be willing.

I leave you with this message and a prompting. I do not wish to sow guilt or shame. This is not the purpose of what I say. I merely wish to remind you of the invitation given by God to each one of you and how you may implement this invitation. Embrace it and bring it into your life. You will be guided, protected and shown the way. It is for you to seek and find. I leave it to you, my friends. I am Bartholomew. My love is with you. I am close, especially to you, my dear son. I am close and will remain so to help you in your daily life and decisions to be made. God bless you all, beloved souls. May God’s Love fill you, change you, transform you and make you into the truly beautiful soul that you can be. God bless you, my friends. God bless you.
