---
title: "Describes How We May Prepare Ourselves to be Teachers and Lights in Times to Come"
menu_title: ""
description: "Describes How We May Prepare Ourselves to be Teachers and Lights in Times to Come"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Describes How We May Prepare Ourselves to be Teachers and Lights in Times to Come

January 18<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Starpoint Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Michael Collier received by Al Fike

God bless you, my friends. I am Michael Collier. The consciousness of men, of humanity, has been rudimentary through the ages, at least in the times that you are aware of. That consciousness has been low in its quality and depth. In fact, the time you live in now, it is higher than it has ever been. Yet there is this contrary condition of materialism that puts a blanket over these efforts of thought and deed that is focused on helping uplift humanity. The contrariness of your world continues to have its effects. Indeed, the plan that God has to eradicate the negativity, the contrariness of human endeavour and thought continues to unfold.

The time is now to truly dedicate yourselves to the consciousness of God. There is no other way out of the dilemma that humanity has created for itself. You cannot do this yourself without God. Humanity has been attempting to do this without God for a very long time, at least a true God. Yes, there have been many renditions of God and ideas of God, but many of them have originated from mindful and imaginative projections of what God is. Then Jesus came and talked truly of God and brought the way toward atonement with God, but that too has been distorted through the ages where humanity insisted on having the power over God. So it is today. Humanity is empowered by the human mind, the ingenuity and creativity of the human mind. In the empowerment that comes with knowledge and understanding, there is a lack of the sort of knowledge of the soul and understanding of the soul.

This is where you come into play, my beloved friends. You are pursuing that knowledge and understanding. You are attempting to live that truth and apply it to your daily life. This is the only antidote to the troubles of your world. Indeed, a time will come when everyone must face up to the disharmonies, negativities and darkness that they carry. At that time, the vast majority of humanity will feel lost, desperate and afraid, unable to truly understand what is happening. We continue to guide you, uphold you and prepare you, pray with you and bring blessings to you so that when that time comes, and it is very near indeed my friends, you will be ready. For your brothers and sisters will need you then, will desperately need something to quell their fears, to answer their questions. This must be your focus. This must be your ambition, to truly be clear of mind and soul, to be integrated in these faculties and abilities, so that when the time comes, God will use you in all the capacities that are within you. For there is much bubbling to the surface. There is much happening within your soul. You are making attempts to align your mind with these things. We will help you with this. We will show you the way toward it and we have been for many years now.

Have faith in yourself. Have faith in the journey that you have been guided upon, that road of your own life that has been a collaboration between your will and God's Will. Now it is time to acknowledge God's Will in all its perfection, beauty and all that is given, all the efforts made, all the Love poured upon you, all the Light that is yours merely for the asking. It is time for these things, my friends. I say nothing new here. You know this well. You have heard it many times. Indeed, the dear daughter has spoken of these things, this dilemma between the material mind, the mind of the soul and the mind in between. Contemplate these things when you are in the mood to be distracted by some material mechanism. Why do you not sit down and think about what is really important? Think about what is really happening with you and what is really happening with the world. Pray about it. Be in alignment with God concerning it. God will give you the answers. God will show you the way.

We are all too happy to be close, to assist, to pray with you and to influence you if you are willing to lay down those distractions and be in alignment in the way that is in harmony with the true wisdom of your soul, wisdom that tells you what is right, what is in harmony, what is from love. These things are within you. If you allow the motivation of your soul to take precedence, you will know more joy and more harmony in your lives. When you speak to others and are with others, you are a deeper and greater reflection of that. Rather than joining your brothers and sisters in this wild dance of preoccupation, of distraction, of trying ever so greatly to be happy and yet not knowing how to be in that state, you must find the joy and happiness of your heart and express this wherever you go. Be that channel of love and light for others. They will be drawn, often not knowing why, not knowing the reasons. Yet their souls are drawn. Their souls are starving and they see in you, feel in you, the source of nourishment. When the opportunity arises, you will be able to give them the truth of what it is they seek. Show them the way in your gentle but clear and forthright truths and ways of being that will both comfort and empower another.

There is much work to do, my friends. This you know well. Continue in your efforts. Make time, much time, much time to be in alignment with God, to truly pray, to truly take time to contemplate, to ruminate and to integrate Truth. This is what you may do to prepare yourselves, along with prayer, along with deep soul listening to God, along with the Love that continues to flow into your souls. Be that individual of soul that you know you can be, that within you already exists but is seeking avenues of expression. Be that with every breath. You will find a deep change within you, a change that will be in alignment with God's plan for change and God's plan for humanity. In this alignment, you will know joy, you will garner great wisdom, and you will have great compassion for yourself and for your brothers and sisters.

Yes, there is much for you to do for yourself, preparing, ever preparing. Indeed, as we have told you often, the time grows short and the preparation is great. I ask you to think about what I have said, to consider what needs to be done and to dedicate yourselves to God. For God is your only saviour. God is the one that will lead you beyond the tumult of what is coming, will ensure that it does not carry you away in all its cleansing power, but will keep you standing, firm upon the ground and unafraid. Even though all around you will be changed, recalibration and the dissolution of the makings of man, in time will rise up that which is the collaboration of man and God and what is meant to be on your world. You will be a part of this, my beloved friends, but first, you must stand tall, stand firm and be truly in alignment with God. This is your preparation. This is the time, for time now is very precious indeed.

God bless you, my friends. I am Michael Collier. I am glad to be with you. If you wish to do a session of question and answers, I will come and be a part of that. Thank you, my friends. God bless you in His Love. You are truly my brothers and sisters, and I am happy to include you in my family of love. God bless you all.
