---
title: "Q&A"
menu_title: ""
description: "Q&A"
date: 2026-03-08 00:00:00+00:00
draft: False
hidden: True
weight:
---
# Q&A

January 18<sup>th</sup>, 2026

Starpoint Retreat, Christchurch, Barbados

Michael Collier received by Al Fike

… to the Earth plane. I am Michael Collier. I am pleased once again to be of service and to answer questions as best that I can through this instrument in order to help enlighten your journey toward truth.

Truth comes in stages, bits and pieces, Breaths of God upon you. Awareness is rising up from your soul. Much comes through many faculties and capacities that you possess and these things are enhanced by our presence and through this form of mediumship. We come together out of love, out of honouring your journeys, of which each of you is on a different length of that roadway, that path to God. Your questions will reflect this and the answers will come in accordance with limitations of this instrument and the limitations of the conditions that are a part of this gathering.

Shall we begin?

**Question:** *Thank you, Michael. We have been told that God is multi-dimensional. Can you tell us more about what this means?*

How many dimensions are you aware of, my friends? Certainly, the three that are of the physical world, the dimension of the awakening soul and perceptions that come with this, but not much more, I am afraid. You wish for me to describe the dimensions of God that I have experienced through my own soul perceptions.

Have you tried to describe a colour to someone? These perceptions of soul awaken as the Divine Love of God, the Essence of God, enter therein and awaken them. You know that God is Love. This is a dimension, an aspect of God. You know that God is a creator. This is another aspect of God. There was a later question regarding the number of universes in God's creation. Well, that too always changes, because more universes are being created. Indeed, creation, the depth and breadth of creation, happens instantaneously where time does not exist. Time is a dimension that humanity creates. God does not create this dimension. God merely is and all that is, is part of God. The universe itself is a dimension of God's existence through His creative energies and efforts. There are many aspects to Who and What God is that I could not possibly explain to you at this time. We are still discovering more of Who and What God is. Even though we live in a different dimension than you, that dimension affords us the ability to see further, to know deeper and to experience in more ways more dimensions of our own being.

This question is a good one, but it is one that I would have trouble answering through this instrument, or, for that matter, any instrument on Earth. For they have not experienced other dimensions of God. When you are able to experience these things, when your soul’s perceptions grow as a result of the inflowing of a great quantity of God’s Love, when you are transformed by it, that transformation affords you deeper and different perceptions, ways of perceiving God, ways of perceiving God’s emanations, God’s manifestations and God’s Being.

When you feel the power of God’s Love within you, you are moving toward greater capacity of perception and of understanding God’s universe. You are joining with God in that perception and, indeed, you are a witness to God’s creation and God’s Being. Therefore, you become one of many of God’s companions. The awareness, the perceptions, the experience of being with God expands. In that expansion, is greater differentiation of God in His Being, able to see, feel and perceive in ways that you are not yet ready to do, those things that are of God.

In order to answer this question, I encourage you to grow in the Father’s Love, to awaken and be transformed by it. In this way, your eyes will be opened. Your understanding will deepen. Your capacity to love God and therefore be with God will deepen. Your understanding of the universe will grow. Many things will be revealed to you in accordance with your gifts, in accordance with your interests, in accordance with what you are meant to know and how you are meant to know it.

For now, we offer you basic and simple truths. We do not want you to be distracted by workings and mechanics of the universe, by understanding the details and minutiae of its functioning and of God’s expressions. These may indeed entertain the mind and fill in many unanswered questions, but do they truly awaken your soul? They do in time, or at least as a reflection of your awakening. It is not that the information comes first and then the awakening later. It is the other way around. You must first awaken to truly understand the question.

I must leave it at that, my friends. I urge you to continue to forge ahead in the awakening of your soul and its transformation. This way, you will be equipped as that new individual, that new soul born in Love, to understand many things. God bless you and thank you.

**Question:** *Can you please tell us a bit more about what determines a change in personal guides?*

There are guides that were with you in your birth, many of which will stay with you until you pass in the spirit. Yet, guides are given as teachers, mentors, helpers, protectors, all manner of functions of benefit for the individual. The level of the guide's soul development and awakening is determined by your soul's destiny and desire. God has a plan for each individual soul. Many of those plans are not realised in the material world but will come to be realised sometime along the journey of soul awakening, whether that be in the natural love ways or the Divine Love ways. These developments, purification and awakenings will come in accordance with your efforts and desires.

You well know the journey that I speak of. As you progress higher, as the light grows within your soul, as further development of your soul and perceptions of your soul awaken, then there may be another guide given who will reflect this awakening and be a gift given upon the graduation of your soul to another level of awareness. These individuals are often very attuned to you and in harmony with who you are. There is a rapport. There is an attraction, soul to soul. These guides are often waiting in the wings for that time to come for them to step forward. Other guides will leave because their mission, their work, although never complete, is completed in a substantial way to allow the next one to appear and to be close.

It is a reflection of your soul progression and development. Often, you will not feel a difference, for your perceptions, for many of you, of the spirits that are close are quite rudimentary. Yet, for some of you, there will be an awareness. You will know the changing of the guard, so to speak. You will feel a renewed enthusiasm, a deeper sense that you have indeed grown and are maturing in your soul. These guides may introduce themselves, or they may not, but rest assured, they are there. They are there not as a singular guide that is with you always, but as a group of guides who continue to help you upon your journey of soul progress, on your awakening, the development of your faculties and gifts that allow you to see, hear, feel and know the things that are deeply spiritual and of the soul.

In time, you will know all of these figures in your life, these somewhat silent partners that are there and have dedicated themselves to be with you. These beautiful souls are given a blessing of this relationship with you, and they too are benefiting from the symbiosis of soul to soul. They too are testing their gifts and abilities to assist you and to guide you. Much is happening in this relationship, many hours, days, months, years of influence, prayers and assistance of protection, healing and blessings of many forms that come to the individual whose guides are developed in Divine Love, many of whom are transformed in Divine Love and Celestial. Some are not. Some are on the road toward this and have been afforded the opportunity to grow and develop with this kind of situation and relationship.

You have many guides, my friends. Yes, they do change from time to time. They are all your friends. Some are male. Some are female. Some are very highly developed and high up in the Celestial Spheres and some are within the Fifth and higher. Jesus, in a way, is a guide to you all. He is the highest of all. His capacity to be with you is tremendous and He may be with several of you at one time. This multi-dimensional aspect of Jesus is reflected in many Celestial Spirits, but His capacity to do this is superior to any other.

Now you see why some guides are given to many rather than just one, because they are able to be a channel, a blessing and a mentor to many at the same time. You see the multi-dimensional aspects of a soul transformed in Divine Love continues to develop in Divine Love even after their transformation. They bring many gifts, many abilities and many blessings, so you are blessed with many guides. Indeed, in times to come, you will be able to see more clearly and understand more definitively who is with you and who is guiding you. Often, there is one central figure that you may recognise or feel close to. This is a beautiful gift, but indeed, beside that individual, that beautiful soul, are many others who are assisting and helping on the journey of soul awakening, discovering truth and discovering God, being infilled with His Love.

What a blessed journey you are on. What a beautiful life you lead. So many are with you in love. God bless you on that journey, my friends, and thank you.

**Question:** *Some of us have had experiences where during deep prayer, even in sleep state, we are aware of particular truths, answers or solutions to particular understandings. Yet, when we wake up or come back into our consciousness, they are gone. It is fleeting. Our question is, how close in our soul development are we to bringing through new truths into our conscious lives?*

This is happening all the time, my friends, but you are not aware, because you spend most of your consciousness in the material plane and within the material mind. When you are in a sleep state or in a prayerful state, a meditative state, you are drifting down into a deeper level of consciousness. At times, you become aware of the experience of what you call downloads and what we call blessings of truth. Yet indeed, often, after that experience, you collect yourselves, you drift back into the material state, and you may bring to you fragments of that experience.

My friends, you all have soul capacities, soul blessings and soul faculties. We are testing these parts of you all the time. We are making rapport with you. Those of us in the Celestial spheres are making rapport. In that rapport, the information that we may have to get to you is given freely and lovingly, but it cannot be given from our soul to your mind. It must be given from our soul to your soul. Your challenge is to be able to regulate and control that consciousness, for it to move and be able to delineate, give definition to, to absorb and interpret the information so that the mind can understand. Your level of consciousness, your level of development, determines the capacities of experience that you may have. Some are more apt to experience these levels of consciousness and can do so readily. Others have a great deal of difficulty integrating and bringing together these two sources of information.

Certainly, in time, when your material mind is absorbed by your soul mind, this will not be an issue. Yet, for many of you, that time is far off, so we must communicate in the ways that we do. This duality of experience is inevitable because of the laws involved: the Laws of Communication and Rapport; the laws that indicate the rapport between one soul and another; and the laws that govern gifts and abilities that are within you but have not been realised or awakened as of yet.

Practice is important, being open and receptive to these abilities. When you come to a conscious realisation of some ability or some experience, pray for assistance to reinforce that experience, to awaken to it, to own it, embrace it and love it. That way, it will become truly a part of you. That way, it will serve you well. For these soul perceptions are very important on your journey. Your capacity and ability to integrate them, to make them truly a part of yourself, is crucial if you are to become a teacher and if you are also to be able to learn more and to experience more. For one gift builds upon another, opening and opening and opening. Often together, they make for greater gifts, a greater opening and a greater capacity to understand.

My beloved friends, you are just babes in the woods, experiencing one thing without understanding the laws behind it, without being able to control and to open to these gifts. It is important that you do not restrict yourself in what can be, but to be like a child, open, receptive and innocent, and to be in awe of what God has created, who you are and the capacities that are within you. Seek it. Make it a science, the science of a soul. Make it your journey. Make it the wonderment of the openings that are truly waiting to come to fruition, that beautiful tree bearing fruit.

May you be blessed on that journey, my friends. Come to understand what that journey is. Come to master that journey with soul awakenings, love, compassion and embracing who you are and truly understanding who you are.

**Question:** *Last time we were here in Barbados, you came and did a Q&A. One of the new pieces of information that you brought to us was that there is more than one set of first parents. Can you tell us more about the groupings of the first parents?*

Yes, I can do so. Indeed, God seeded the world with His most wonderful creation of humanity. He did so with nine pairs, male and female, all soulmates. He brought three pairs together in one particular location, another set of pairs in another location and another in another location.

The conditions in which these groupings, or tribes if you will, were in, were very suitable and very harmonious for each set, each tribe. They lived a harmonious life together. Though today you have pairings of couples that are for life, in this particular situation, the pairings were mixed and remixed in order to facilitate the genetic diversity needed. Children were raised within the groupings and loved equally by these three sets of parents. There was a beautiful and harmonious way of life that came of it.

The Bible’s description is not too distorted in this regard. Indeed, they lived in paradise. Indeed, their needs were met. You know the story of God coming to them and offering them a unique gift, a special gift for the soul, which they rejected, each pairing rejecting this out of hand. Because of their joy and their experience of life, they did not see any need for something more. In fact, they did not see any need for God.

There was an arrogance that came of this. The apple represents that arrogance. Each group continued on their way. As you know, the story has been told that each fell into disarray because the exertion of their free will informed their journey not toward God or closer to God, His creation and His Laws, but further away. They began to wander. Through these wanderings made up the different races of humanity. They were forever seeking what they had lost, but God was not willing to return and re-bestow this gift. They had made their choice and so they had to live with their choice. They had to live with many choices that brought pain and distance, that brought unloving actions and gestures.

Many of these original pairs fell out of love with one another. Love was the initial ingredient that was missing on their journeys of life. Yes, they loved their children. There was a measure of love. How else could humanity survive without a measure of love? Yet there are many other elements that came into play and many challenges that brought humanity away from what you call the Garden of Eden. They set their faith in the fate of humanity as they struggled and struggled. Indeed, the fossils and remains of what you call your early ancestors are actually the manifestations of how far humanity went from God, how this reflected in their animalistic state, their lack of consciousness and their lack of love.

You are now progressing out of that. You are growing and becoming more of who you are meant to be. Indeed, 2000 years ago, the wonderful brother that you know came to teach of this gift once more. God bestowed this gift once again, giving humanity the opportunity to choose. You have a tremendous responsibility. Are you not like the first parents? You hold the key, the key to truth, the key to the soul. You have accepted this gift. You treasure this gift and you use it time and time again to awaken to this truth. Do you not think that God is seeding the Earth once again with the possibility of humanity’s potentials, humanity’s soul awakening to this transformative blessing? You are now, along with many others, the first parents, are you not? The beginnings of a new era. The awakenings of humanity.

This is why we are with you. This is why such attention is brought upon you. This is why God has a plan to awaken humanity, because the truth is now embedded within the souls of a number of you. You travel and you reach out to others. You do this work. You continue to progress. You do not have the advantage of a purified soul in order to accomplish this progression, but you are progressing nonetheless. Your soul is progressing in Love and you are progressing in truth. You will carry this light, this torch, into the future of humanity. Each one of you has a role to play. Each one of you as blessed and important as the first parents. I hope that you will look at your life in this light, through this lens, that indeed you carry a gift that needs to shine forth into the world. Thank you.

**Question:** *Our last question is related to Jesus and his soul. We are wondering if he has a soulmate, or was it that his soul never split, so he is a completed soul, the original form that God created?*

This question has been answered before. Our beloved Master gave you the answer. He said, *“my soul is one”*.

He was not created like other souls. He was created specifically for the mission of opening the gates of Divine Love. He was a purified soul. His journey is a singular journey. Yet he is not alone or lonely. He has many of you, his friends in the Celestial Kingdom and many other spirits, so he is not lonely. Yet he came, he manifested as a male. This enabled him more freedom in the society in which he was born into, but yes, one can argue that he is both male and female.

Yet, what does that mean to a being such as him? It is irrelevant. Sexuality does not exist. You will find, when you enter the Celestial Kingdom, that those elements, concerns and perceptions about your identity in this way will not be relevant. Indeed, for those of us who were born into the flesh, God created a way to have companionship and to walk the road as two. This is a great gift and a great blessing, though many do not understand it. Many make projections and formulate ideas around it. It is a gift to be born as a dual soul, male and female, sometimes male and male, female and female, but not particularly often. It is a gift. Appreciate that gift. Jesus was a gift to all of us. That gift required certain aspects and elements to be in place for him to do his work, to be, yes, God’s chosen son, but also to be your brother and your friend.

It is what it is. You cannot change history. You cannot change God’s decrees. You may only accept what is and embrace it. If it is important for you to understand it, then indeed, I have given you all that you can know about this until you, as I have said previously, are able to see with the clarity of the soul and understand from that perspective. Then, you will know why, and you will be joyful with your knowledge of why.

**Question:** *Has God created any other soul like Jesus?*

Yes. Not in this world, but in others. There are always teachers. There are always designated and unique souls that are given to various races and peoples in the universe so that they may grow, prosper and awaken in truth and in Love. Yes, God does create other beings. There are archangels, as you know, that God has created. They are not created in the duality that humanity is. Jesus is not an archangel, though there are some in your world who proclaim this to be a truth. Jesus is a unique and special soul given to humanity as a gift and a blessing. He continues to do his work, his ministry, to bring his love, his blessings, to you all.

There is one whom you call Orion who was also one of those beings. This is why Jesus came to him and asked him to assist him in this work, for they are like brothers in the universe. There are others also. The universe is vast, complex, many layers and many aspects. I give you one small truth that you may not have known before. There are others that will come in their due time when you are ready.

**Question:** *We would like to give you the last say. Are there any other words of wisdom that you wish to impart before we say goodbye?*

When I walked the Earth, which was not that long ago, I did not know these truths. I was a good man. I was a loner, as you have had this conversation about what constitutes these individuals who walk independently. I quickly learned my soul ached for God, but in my mind, there were many barriers to God. I was a devout Christian and yet I did not truly understand the meaning of Christianity.

You, on the other hand, my beloved friends, have all the advantages, all the blessings, all the light and all the truth given to you that you require to be that light in the world, to be transformed in the freshness and wonderment of a soul touched by God in this way. Seek out this transformation. Seek out the wonderment of your own soul and your soul’s relationship with God. Seek to be transformed by Love. All these encouragements, blessings, guidance and prophecies about you will be realised. Yet, if you take a haphazard and casual approach, you will benefit to a degree from your efforts and prayers, but you will not reach that pinnacle of which we desire and which God desires of you. This, if achieved, will change the world. Each of you has that capacity. Each of you, if willing, may indeed step forward to be a powerful agent of change, a bringer of truth, a manifester of light, love and all the blessings of God through you.

I know it is a struggle. I know there are tremendous forces aligned against you, not willingly or consciously, at least not often, but they exist. You must be strong and forthright. You must be willing and make yourself able to withstand the forces of darkness, to withstand the forces of change, to withstand the many aspects, apparitions and forces that are aligned with the intention of destroying your efforts and ours. Yet, you have the alliance of angels with you. You have many blessings given. Most of all, you carry the truth within your soul.

Nurture that truth. Protect that truth. Love that truth and nurture it with more love, more blessings from God and His Love. You will be well on your way to fulfilling the prophecies of your beautiful instrumentalities and beings which God has lifted up as educated, as blessed and as protected. Be that beautiful soul as honestly and directly, with faith and trust, as you can muster, and we will succeed. We must succeed, for the world is spiralling into darkness and God intends to catch it before it spirals into oblivion. You are a part of His Hands. You are His Hands. You must consider the responsibility that you carry. You must consider the ultimate treasure that you hold, which is this truth of Love, and nurture it and nurture it, grow it and grow it and be it and be it. We thank you for all your efforts together, for gathering as you do, these beautiful Circles of Light. Walk forward, my friends, into the future, over the precipice, which is your own reluctance. On you may go toward the path of service, your trueness to God revealed and expressed in all His wondrous ways that you are capable of.

God bless you, my friends. I am Michael Collier. I am happy to be a part of your circle today to answer some of your questions. May they descend deep into your soul, these answers, and add to the collection of truth that resides there. They will give you joy and they will help you to answer other questions, which will in turn help you to answer other questions. Yet, as you do so, as you progress further, those answers will come less from the mind and words and more from the soul and its language and perceptions. This we wish for you, my beloved friends. God bless you on that journey. My love is with you. God bless you.
